Radio waves have traveled through and past the Earth’s atmosphere for decades. They carried snapshots of humanity out into infinity. Music, broadcasts, TV shows, news commentary; it was all out there, racing away at the speed of light.

The antenna from the U.S.S. February’s lifeboat angled itself automatically; detecting a signal from one of the sectors within its reach. The ship’s computer extrapolated the data and converted it to an audio signal. It concluded that it was merely old data from long ago. Per protocol, it routed the signal through the ship’s comm system for its occupant to assess. The signal emerged through the distortion, and a song began to play throughout the bulkheads and corridors of the small vessel.

(“Hangin’ on.”)

(“Here until I’m gone.”)

(“Right where I belong,”)

(“Just hangin’ on”)

The tiny lifeboat drifted through space at the half the speed of light. The last survivor of the U.S.S. February watched as the small blue dot grew larger in the forward viewport. Having spent weeks to travel the distance, if it were not for thoughts of a wife and beautiful daughter, madness would have prevailed.

We were heralded as heroes and all of mankind bid us farewell when we were shot into the emptiness of space, two hundred and fifty-four days ago. Twenty men and women, chosen from all nations were ambassadors of humanity with a message of peace and goodwill.

(“Even though,”) An answer,

(“Watched you come and go.”) to the voice that called out from the void.

(“How was I to know you’d steal the show?”) An intelligent mind, telling us we were not alone.

The whole world will remember the day we heard the transmission, originating past Mars, within the asteroid belt. It came from a small dwarf planet, now glowing in the dark—the lights of Ceres brightened in anticipation.

(“One day I’ll have enough to gamble.”) I left My wife and little girl to make them proud.

(“I’ll wait to hear your final call,”) Soon, Humanity would never be the same again.

(“Bet it all.”) We were wrong! We were so wrong!

We don’t belong out here!

(“Hangin’ on.”) We found the signal’s source.

(“Here until I’m gone.”) Under the planet’s crust.

(“Right where I belong,”) Humanoids.

(“Just hangin’ on.”) A settlement, a colony; long dead and gone.

(“Even though,”) It was tens of thousands of years old.

(“Pass this time alone,”) Frozen in ice.

(“Somewhere so unknown, it heals the soul”) The remnants of a society— dead for centuries. There was no one here alive who could have sent that message.

A small portion of the alien site was exposed and free from the ice. Recent seismic activity and hot gasses from the planetoid’s core melted away a section, allowing entry into the structure. We donned our pressure suits and anxiously made our way into the depths of the cavern. We would be the first to lay eyes on the remains of an alien culture.

They weren’t much different from us. They were an artistic people and adorned the walls and buildings with pictures and imagery of a strange and far away home world. The looked so much like us.

What we found frozen in the ground was not like us.

We found an ancient, mangled machine. Lined along its structure were artistic depictions of the device displayed side by side. We deduced it was their environmental system. It was the source of their heat, air, and water. We followed the trail of beautifully rendered portraits giving hints of the machine’s functions and abilities. Each work of art was more stunning than the next. We came to the last image and stood there stunned. This final picture seemed to show them detonating an explosive and destroying this vital machine themselves.

An indentation in the smooth, frozen ground caught our attention. Through the ice, we could see a shape. It was fleshy and looked as if three to four bodies were fused into one. Each of its limbs was contorted and deformed. Arms were long and bent at odd and abnormal angles. Teeth protruded from mouths that didn’t belong. Pupils from eyes that shouldn’t be there stared back at us. It was a mockery to the harmony of nature. It was an abomination towards the symmetry and beauty of life.

The cavern was unstable from the continuous seismic activity. The only relic of true value within reach was this thing frozen in the ice. With plasma torches in hand, we raced to cut it out of the ground and carry it back to the February. With our payload safely stowed aboard, we prepared for our journey home.

The cave had been there for centuries. Maybe it was our cutting, or the ship landing on the crater’s surface, or a combination of both, but the foundation below the crater began to collapse with the cavern. We barely managed to lift off. We were so busy congratulating ourselves on our narrow escape that never bothered to check in on our new cargo. It had begun to thaw.

What we unleashed was malicious and cruel and had only one goal— to consume us and make us part of it. It picked us off one by one, in secret. It absorbed its victim, mimicking them in every way. There was no way to tell who was still human and who had been replaced. Paranoia overcame us; no one could be trusted.

Every part of this thing, all the way down to the cellular level, was sentient and could infect a viable host. The larger organisms would attack with a primal rage and captured its prey. Still alive, the victim would struggle and scream in agony as the creature absorbed them. In less than an hour, a slab of flesh would break off from its body and begin to develop in form. Soon, it would look and act exactly like the person it had devoured.

The smaller particulates of the creature would hide within the body like a microbe. It secretly absorbed and devoured the flesh and tissue from the inside; the host unaware of its presence. It would only reveal itself if threatened or given an opportunity to propagate itself. It would emerge in an explosion of flesh, blood, tentacles and tendrils, teeth and claws.

In less than twenty-four hours, there were only six of us left. We cowered on the bridge in despair. We mourned for what needed to be done. We knew it was only a matter of time before it overcame us. We knew we could not risk bringing it back with us. We knew we could never return home.

Humans were not capable of piloting a starship at the speeds obtained by the February. Complex course adjustments and corrections needed to be performed instantaneously. Interstellar navigation was under computer controlled, and we were locked into a course for Earth. In two hours, the ship’s main computer would perform a course correction to avoid one of the many uncharted asteroids in the sector. If an overload occurred in three of the auxiliary power distribution nodes, the central computer would crash, taking down the ship’s navigational controls. In time it would take for a full system reboot, the window for a course adjustment would have passed, and thirty minutes later, we would impact into the asteroid’s surface, traveling at 24,000 mph.

The Captain stood over me, handing me tools before I climbed down the air shaft and squeezed into the claustrophobic maintenance duct, barely wider than the width of my shoulders. The tube would open into a secondary airlock junction. From there I could access a service port and emerge behind the computer’s secondary cooling unit and blow the power nodes. I started to descend into the dark below.

A crash from overhead sounded, and the bridge went dark. The backup lights flashed from emergency strobes that illuminated a massive and formless shape in brief glimpses between bursts of light and dark. The thing was covered with thin, worm-like tendrils that shook and rattled with a seizure-like intensity. The tendrils shot out from its body like arrows, piercing everyone within its range. A tendril punctured the back of the captain’s head with incredible force, and emerged from her forehead, spraying me with her blood. It branched out quickly over her head and face, re-entering her flesh through her skin, eyes, and mouth.

I sealed the service hatch, putting as much distance between me and the screams of pain and agony.

Having disabled the power nodes, I made the decision—I did not need to die here. It was just me, no one else to worry about. No one to fear that they might have a monster hidden within their blood. It was safe for me to take the escape shuttle and go home.

I departed the February and watched it impact the asteroid in a magnificent flash of light. I caught sight of my reflection in the viewport glass and saw the blood on my face begin pool together and disappear under my skin. Paralyzed by terror, the realization hit me hard— I had been deceived. I waited for it to start feasting on my flesh. I waited for it to tear and shred the parts of me that make me who I am. I waited for the end.

It never came.

It screamed in my head, wanting to know what I was and how could I resist its attempts to consume me. The truth was, I didn’t know. Something about me was different and capable of hindering its ability to assimilate me. Yes, I could resist it, but I could not overcome it. My body had reacted violently to its trespassing. I had severely weakened it, but slowly it began to overwhelm whatever unique gift I had that opposed it. The fingers on my right hand began to elongate, and slits appeared on my knuckles with crimson irises peeking out from underneath.

While I slept, it disabled the communication relay preventing me from warning Antarctic Control about the coming danger I was carrying. While it slept, I disabled the ship’s wireless receiver. It wanted to know why I had done this. I buried my secret deep in my mind and thought only of my wife Melissa and my daughter Kylie.

It had complete control of my right side, and I had to restrain my right arm with a belt strap to prevent it from attacking myself.

A distorted mouth was forming on my stomach. Wet lips were emerging from my skin and separating from each other.

Open sores with the weeping faces of my crewmates screamed and let out the most frightening moans of anguish and torment from my body.

Soon the orbital docking station came into view, orbiting high above Earth. This game of “King of the Mountain” between the two of us had come to an end. It was time for us to make our final move. The shuttle began to position itself to start its approach towards the docking module. The thing surged in growth and dominance over my body. It craved and desired the new flesh it was about to encounter.

To its surprise and rage, I taunted it with the secret it was unable to scrape out of my mind. While it knew everything about me, I was starting to get images about it. I began to understand it. I could see where it came from and what its purpose was. Most of all, and most importantly, I saw its arrogance and pride. It basked in its self-perceived superiority. It was so focused and enraged at being mocked; it took no notice of the message flashing on the display.

“COMMUNICATION ERROR. INTERLOCK ALIGNMENT FAILURE. DOCKING APPROACH TERMINATED. ALERT. ABORT. ABORT.”

By disabling the wireless receiver, remote docking was not possible. It would have to be done manually.

(“You ask for walls; I’ll build them higher.”) I created a mental barrier to keep it a bay.

(“We’ll lie in shadows of them all.) It clawed and beat at the mental wall, rapidly tearing it down.

(“I’d stand, but they’re much too tall,”) I kept it distracted until it was too late.

“MANUAL CONTROLS ENGAGED”

(“And I fall.”) I took back control of my body, ignited the thrusters and sent the ship into a nose dive into the Earth’s atmosphere!

(“February Stars,”) The ship streaked across the sky,

(“Floating in the dark,) Illuminating the night.

(“Temporary scars,”) In desperation, it ripped through my skin and shattered my bones.

(“February Stars,”) The ground approached with frightening speed.

(“Floating in the dark,”) The hull was engulfed in flames.

(“Temporary scars,”) The heat was searing and blistering.

(“February Stars,”)

(“Feb..zztt..ars,”)

Melissa, you were my best friend and my soulmate. We were always meant to be with each other.

(“Fl..zzztttt in…zzttt..he dark,)

Kylie, I am sorry I won’t be there to see you grow up.

(“Temp..zzztttttt..ars,”)

But if you look up in the night and see a star burning in the dark, that will be me.

I am always with you.

(“Fe..zzzztttttt.”)

Daddy loves you.

(“Zzzzttttt……………….”)

It started when we called out to the stars; into the darkness. We felt so small, tumbling through vast emptiness while clinging to the skin of the world, and without a single reason why. We were curious, yes, but ultimately I think we were just terribly frightened. And we were young, so very young. We were children, and like a lonely, lost child we did the only thing we could think of to make it stop. We did what we thought we had to do to make the universe make sense.

We called for help.

For years we scanned the sky for a sign. We sent signals to the stars in the darkness beyond.

“Are we alone?”

But the skies were quiet. Always so quiet; leaving us to our own makings.

But crying children never cease, and neither did we. We sent calls into every corner of space for decade after decade. We refused to believe no one was out there. They had to be. Yet, for some unknown reason, they never answered us.

Everyone remembers when that changed.

They think it responded to the Arecibo message from 1974. The response to the Arecibo message was received almost three months ago, in two separate parts. The first part of the message was received at the Hat Creek Radio Observatory in California. The Allen Telescope Array picked up what sounded like static interference that continued on for over an hour. It consisted of unintelligible screeching and buzzing sounds that continued without pause for the whole hour. The meaning of this message was never discovered, if it had one. The only thing we knew was that the signal’s origin came somewhere in the Hercules constellation, near Messier 13. As soon as that signal stopped, the real message began.

We made contact that day, and we were asked a question.

“Who. Is. There?”

It came not through the radios, but as a voice. A voice, inside all of our heads, asked the question to all of us. I heard it. My wife heard it. The young heard it and the old heard it. Even the deaf heard it. Everyone, everywhere, heard this voice whisper that question in their heads, in every language on Earth.

I remember it almost too clearly. It asked in that familiar, yet indescribable voice that’s always there in my mind. It was like one of my own thoughts had gone rogue, and had decided to speak directly to me. The world seemed to stop as everyone listened for what came next.

“Where. Are. You?”

The heavy question seemed to linger in our minds for hours afterwards, and then for days, and then for weeks. That day changed everything.

There were the doubters from the very beginning, and the “holy ones” who claimed that God had spoken to all of us and that the time to repent was now. There were those who claimed they’d heard nothing, and those who’d claim that the aliens had given them their own secret messages. And, of course, there were those who truly believed that we had been contacted for the first time by an extraterrestrial race like us; one ready to communicate. Ready to lead us out of the dark.

We were wrong.

We never made contact with alien life, at least, nothing comprehensible or discernible to human understanding. The stars are vast, and in their vastness our voices had touched the ears of something truly incomprehensible. Something hungry and malevolent. The Voice.

We realized our mistake when the ground started to groan.

Beneath our feet, everywhere, the ground seemed to moan. The muffled sounds shook through the dust and dirt below us. No one knew what was causing it, at least, not until the calls started coming in.

The graveyards were screaming.

All at once, the dead had started screaming. Every deceased man, woman, and child was turning in their graves. All the animals did so, too. Every dog, every cat, everything that had ever walked this earth. The cries of ancient whales shook the seas, and the shrill screeching of birds echoed in the forests. The caskets shook, and the morgues howled.

The voices stopped together, in an instant leaving the world in an amplified silence. In their absence, a new sound filled the air. The Voice returned.

“I. Hear. You.”

It came as a whisper from behind. An ominous, yet oddly playful, presence that felt so close, but was truly still so far away. It let us breathe in the silence for a minute before it made us a promise. It was a promise we all knew to be true.

“I. Am. Coming.”

The Voice was gone, and the air was again filled with screams. This time they were from the living.

After the Voice had gone we were left to our own devices. Millions panicked and rightfully so as chaos took hold of the streets. Many would die in the violence and the gunfire of that night. They would be known as the raptured before long, and the rest of us were the condemned. We could only wait.

The screaming dead was only the first of the side-effects that we felt as the Voice approached. The closer it got, the more we felt it.

That first night after the screaming we noticed the stars bleed for the first time. A section of the western sky had turned black, blacker than the night. It was only truly visible because of the ring of stars around it. The light from those stars had turned red, and they seemed to bleed across the sky like food coloring dropped into water. Their light swirled and flowed all around the edge of some unseen mass.

I knew then that I was staring into the face of the Voice. Our scientists claimed that nothing was there, and that their radar and scans always came up empty. Their telescopes could see nothing but darkness in that section of space. However, the proof was right in front of us as every night that ring of darkness got wider, and more stars bled in the sky.

We watched it come.

As each night passed, the black spot would widen, and more stars would distort and bleed around it. During the day a new hell would greet us. The side-effects worsened. The day always brought something new. I’m sure most of what happened will go untold and unknown.

The animals started disappearing. All of them. No tracks, traces, or bodies were left behind. Pets would run away, some violently so. They all retreated, never to be seen again. The forests were left abandoned, the oceans empty, the air was left silent. The world left seemed empty and lonely. They left like water receding from the shore, just before the tsunami breaks.

One day, about two weeks ago, scientists tried to talk to the Voice again. They hoped, perhaps, to reason with it. They told it about what was happening on our world, and asked it questions. The scientists begged. It didn’t speak. When asked what the Voice sent a response. The next night the skies lit up with streaks of fire. It was alight for hours, blazoned with orange and red. We didn’t realize the effects until the next day when the televisions turned to static, and the telephones refused to work. We had sat, watching, as all the satellites were knocked out of the heavens.

After that reports became rumors and rumblings; sanity a thing of the past. The air chilled and weighed us down. The Voice was nearly here, and everyone felt it.

It rained for a week after the satellites fell. The rain was salty, and mired with an unknown filth that turned the grass black. Maybe the satellites tracked something back in with them when they hit the sky, no one knew for sure. All we know is that it fell from clouds black as charcoal that blotted out the sun, like liquid ash. Darkness fell upon us for days.

When the clouds went away, the skies were empty. There were no clouds, yet the sky hung low and gray. If the sun was anywhere in the sky it never made itself known. Even it had abandoned us. Each day grew slowly darker and darker until night and day became almost the same.

Some people would claim later that they’d seen things in the dark; creatures with gangly limbs and crooked faces, lurking in the corner of their vision. They were tall, white creatures that looked molted or rotten through their transparent skin. Appearances would last for just a second or two before vanishing without a trace. Some believed this was the first step in the alien’s invasion, but the rest of us didn’t know what to think. We just knew that it was nothing that simple, or benign. They must have been hallucinations, just more madness to endure, but ultimately as harmless as anything else. As harmless as the screams of the dead, the missing animals, and the dying sky.

Appearances slowly increased in duration and number. I think everyone saw them once at the least, but I don’t think a single person would ever guess why they were truly here. They never touched nor spoke to anyone, and they certainly never harmed anyone. Most who got good looks at them described them as mournful, or sorrowful looking. Some even claimed the creatures watched over them at night, and others even claimed that it seemed as if the creatures were sorry for them. One claimed to have even seen one prostrate upon the ground, hands clasped above its head. He said it was praying for us.

Prayer was no help. The churches and places of worship that had divided us for so long failed to bring hope to any in the end. The Voice let them pray and beg for a while, but just days ago the Voice ended it all. No one questioned how, for at this point nothing that happened surprised anyone anymore, but on the final day all books of worship burned. Every last Bible, every Quran, everything.

People rushed to their centers of faith, but found no solace. The churches and temples had suffered the same fates, if not worse. The people were left, abandoned by their greatest hopes. There were rumors of churches all over the world, with walls formed from the bodies of those who sought refuge. They were merged to the walls; stuck to them like flies in a trap. They died still pleading for hope, but they were beyond God’s help. The rest of us had learned to stop begging.

We waited.

The final message came. From beyond the sky it fell upon us. The Voice echoed, and it spoke the simple truth.

“I. Am. Here.”

There is a darkness beyond the horizon, the likes of which I doubt has ever been seen. It brings with it the screams of countless souls, and it moves fast. The stars are dying now, and I know they’ll never be seen again. The light is dying so fast.

I leave this not as a warning. No, it’s far too late for that. Instead, consider this the last realization; the last humanity will ever know. For we used to wonder whether or not we were alone, and lost, but never whether or not we were safe and hidden. The universe is infinite, and our understanding was significantly more finite. We should never have beckoned to the darkness. Instead we should have clung to the light, and closed our eyes every time we were turned to the void. As the final minutes’ approach, I hold one final truth to be certain.

I now know why the skies were always so quiet.

Alien invasions.

It’s been so overdone it’s turned into a never ending cliché. There are hundreds of films. I’ve watched them all, loved them all. Now, they just make me sick.

The pickup I’m driving shakes as I brake, the ABS is stuck on due to an internal computer malfunction.

I pull to the side of the road, looking down a small cul-de-sac. The houses vacant, windows broken as the empty darkness inside stares back at me.

Most of the houses are missing their front doors, scratch marks littering the outsides.

I pull up to a house, its red door hanging from one rusty hinge. A basketball hoop lies in the front yard, decaying into the soft ground.

I used to live here.

I close my eyes as instants of my life dash behind my lids, floating somewhere in the tiny space of time before the world grew so dark, so cold, and so empty.

A faint music fills the air and it draws my attention.

It’s an ice-cream truck. The same one I once used to race to when I had heard its lilting song, money crumpled in tiny clenched fists.

The speakers are wheezing the old song as a tire spins lazily in the summer breeze.

I hum the tune softly to myself.

Singing has always calmed me when I’m nervous.

I check the mirrors before cautiously opening the doors, my eyes scanning for movement as I tug the shotgun from the space behind the driver’s seat, clicking it open to check that it’s loaded.

Papers from overturned trash bins flutter against my feet as I make my way to my house, making sure not to touch the door, lest it creak and alert anyone, or thing, to my presence within the silent universe of my childhood.

I move across the muddied, white tile silently, pausing as I place my foot on the first step.

I’ve snuck out enough times to know that only the fifth and eighth steps squeal when you press onto them.

I survey the first two bed rooms. Their occupants, my parents and grandmother, long since gone.

I move to the old dresser in my parents’ room, my mother’s perfume resting upon its smooth surface, the only thing untouched in the room filled with splintered furniture and torn clothes.

I lightly trace my finger along its glassy surface, the amber fluid gently swirling as I do.

My palm closes over it before I comprehend the action, bringing it to my pocket before letting it sink to the bottom.

Out of the corner of my eye, I catch the colored beads to my room swaying, rattling together.

I shoulder the gun, heart beating against the confines of my ribs.

I fight the urge to call out. It would do no good. My parents wouldn’t hide from me and if it was one of them… God, I was dead.

I slowly make my way past the bathroom, its door missing, shower curtain ripped and laying upon the floor.

Shakily, I part the beads with one, then two, then three fingers, making the space just large enough to fit through. They part with ease and I replace them soundlessly.

I’ll only get the decency of one shot before it will overtake me.

I see something move in the corner, behind my bed. My childhood sheets are ripped and my lamp is laying on the floor still on. The silhouette of the broken furniture makes it hard to focus on the movement emanating from behind the mattress leaning against the wall.

The hammer of the gun ticks into place, the shattered glass beneath my boots crackling with each step. I swallow the insurmountable lump that has congregated in my throat, tears stinging my eyes. Even after everything that has happen, all that I’ve witnessed, I am still terrified of death.

My hand touches the exposed foam of the mattress, pulling slightly as I steady my breathing.

In one fluid motion, I throw the mattress aside, mustering more strength than I could ever achieve without the adrenaline pulsing through my veins.

A hissing noise tears through the room, as I pull my gun up, tripping over the chair that used to sit at my desk and tumbling toward the ground, my head hitting the missing half of my bookcase.

I stumble to my feet, whirling around and fumbling with the trigger before I see what it is I am faced with.

A small cat stares at me, back arched and teeth glinting, its tail straight in the air. The slits of its eyes widen before jumping through the broken window of my bedroom and disappearing onto the roof.

Laughter immediately peels from me as I bend forward, the gun resting in the crooks of my elbows as I cover my face. It doesn’t stop for a good few minutes before I regain my composure, sitting on the mattress now in the corner of my room.

With tear stained cheeks, I turn my attention to the grey sky beyond the broken glass. My stomach turning in hatred.

We were always so focused on the sky, building large machines to shoot radio waves into the dark abyss just outside our reach, expecting an answer to the thousands of broadcasts that littered the darkness.

It was the fad of the times: a never ending search to appease our human need to not be alone in this expanse we call the universe.

How foolish we were, turning our attention to other worlds when we had failed to adequately explore our own.

I suppose we learned our lesson.

It began on a brisk September morning. The bodies littering the shores. Thousands of them covering every beach, lining the sand in neat rows.

They had all drowned. Men, women, and children called by some unnamed force deep into the water before rolling back in with the morning tide, lifeless and bloated. The pictures were plastered on every media platform available. Every dorm room at my tiny college echoed with warnings from authorities to stay clear of all oceans.

It took only a few hours before the first bodies rose, their faces covered in a thin layer of excess skin.

They controlled everything in a matter of days, posting on our websites, taking control of television networks.

Whatever they were, they spread quickly, all contact with them ending in infection.

They claimed to be our makers, our real gods. They had made us in their image and now, they were here to take that image back.

There was no why for the invasion, no justifications, but, as my father always said, not every question has an answer.

Now, they had taken over nearly everyone. Cities were left to ruin and suburbs fell apart at the seams.

Sitting on my mattress, I recall why I’ve come: my family.

I had managed to escape the first wave, being away at school and deeper toward the center of the country. My parents and grandmother did not have my fortune.

I stand slowly, wiping the sweat from my brow.

Everyone had said that I was crazy for going towards the shore. The cities there were wastelands, filled with memories of the great empire we had built, now rotting into the concrete on which it stood.

How could I have not gone?

This was my family. I couldn’t abandon them, even if it meant going to the very source of the invasion.

I make my way back down the stairs, searching the living room before moving into the kitchen, and then the basement.

Part of me is relieved that I don’t find them there, an extra layer of skin stretched over their faces as they sat, staring at nothing.

I had only seen a few and never up close.

If you were that close to one of them, you usually didn’t live to tell of the experience.

I move into the family room. The TV is smashed into the fire place, making it appear as if some sadistic version of Santa Claus had delivered the broken present, shards of glass resting on the dark wood.

A soft rustling noise draws my focus from the destroyed room to just outside the large glass windows, still intact.

In the yard, there are nearly a dozen figures, their bodies slightly shifting from side to side.

“Katie.”

The voice is a raspy whisper, but certainly recognizable.

I hold my breath, water spilling from the corners of my eyes, rolling over flushed cheeks.

“D-Dad?”

My voice wavers as I speak, losing confidence as I open the screen door and step onto the patio.

“You’ve come home.”

The figure of my grandmother moves forward, the light skin over her features stretching as she smiles beneath the layer of flesh.

I cover my mouth with my hand, sobbing.

“Shh… Don’t be afraid sweetie. It’s just us. We’ve come to welcome you.”

My father moves forward as well, arms opening to embrace me.

“Stay back!” I shout, raising the gun shakily and loosely aiming it in the direction of what was once my father.

He pauses mid-step, turning his head to the side like a confused dog before slowly lowering his arms to his sides.

“I was hoping you wouldn’t be so obstinate. You were always so like your mother.”

The mass of faceless figures part and something stumbles forward before falling to the ground. My mother is tearing at the white layer partially obscuring her face, covering her eyes. Her favorite sundress was stained with grass and blood, fingernails raw and bleeding.

I retreat backwards, falling against the side of the house for support.

“She’ll be alright, baby.”

My grandmother moves to stand next to my father.

“Soon she’ll see that we going to be a family again. She just needs to see her little girl agree too.”

My hands loosen on the gun. I… I can’t shoot them. I just can’t.

They’re wearing their clothes, speaking in their voices.

My mother wails from the grass, crawling towards me.

On instinct, I reach for her hand, our fingers almost touching before she stops, a gentle tremor in her fingertips.

“Katie?” she asks, her voice nothing like the harsh rasps of my father and grandmother.

I stifle a cry, my body shaking as I wipe my eyes with the back of my hand.

“Yeah. Yeah mom, it’s me. I’m here.”

She turns toward me, her voice low.

“It’s not them, but you won’t win. I-It’s not them. I-I love you. You’ll be okay.”

I clutch the gun with both hands, crying into the metal of the barrel, the smell of gunpowder filling my nose.

“I never wanted this…I-I can’t say it.” her voice breaks as she trails off, her hand falling to the soft grass as she grips it tightly, knuckles white.

“Do it. Do you understand? Do it. We-we won’t win,” she says, voice straining with tears she can no longer shed.

I remain still as she speaks, the film finally beginning its final descent, covering her mouth entirely. She starts suddenly before falling limp, convulsing at my feet as she tries to pry the skin from her mouth. I stagger away, too afraid to touch her. Too afraid to save my own mother.

“We finally found her in the shed an hour ago.”

My grandmother has inched closer, her hands up in supplication.

My gaze turns toward the tiny barricaded barn, a hole gouged in its side. The splintered wood around the opening giving it the appearance of a gaping mouth, teeth bared.

“Such a needless struggle. We’re simply making the world better, filling it with unanimity.”

I wipe my eyes again, tears blurring my vision.

“We just want you to be a part of this new world. You can come with us and it will be painless. We promise.”

My grandmother offers her hand to me, standing so close that I can see her eyes behind the thin sheen.

I look up at her, something in my chest pulling me closer, luring me in.

“Ok,” I whisper, pulling myself to my full height as I look to my mom lying in the grass, blood seeping from behind the white mask that now covers the face I’d seen a thousand times.

“I’m gonna do it mom,” I whisper, turning to face my grandmother.

“I’m gonna do it.”

I slide the gun through my hands, tapping the end with my finger. My eyes close as I take in the last view memories of my childhood home, enjoying the simplicity of the bygone days.

I hardly feel the gun slide between my teeth, the tangy metal permeating my mouth, nor do I hear the shot that rings through the air.

Cynthia smacked, howled and screamed against Todd Barrett’s motel room window that night. Times like these, he was glad he hadn’t fully committed to “tramping,” and bought himself a fifth-wheel. Sleeping in a camper on a night like this would have been impossible. Instead, he had a soft bed below him, a strong roof above, and a simply superb on-demand adult video channel buzzing before him.

Three months prior, Todd had completed his apprenticeship. Now, he was a full-blown honest-to-no-one lineman. FP&L was shuffling him everywhere in the great state of Florida to keep the electricity flowing. Sometimes it was faulty wiring, but most times, the times Todd liked best, he was hiking up power poles and repairing the damage from Mother Nature’s worst.

Whenever bad weather was on the rise, Todd went out to location prior to the worst of it so he could get to restoring power early the next morning. If Cynthia truly evolved into the horrible raving bitch of a hurricane she was predicted to be, he would have his work cut out for him. He looked forward to the morning. Powerless cities were quieter, the smell of freshly snapped trees was often in the air, and despite the destruction, the birds usually went right on singing.

With a bright surge of light in his motel room, the electricity was gone from the entire building. Todd Barrett’s all-time favorite lesbian porn flick vanished from the screen. He should sleep anyway, he thought, but before he could close his eyes, they were flooded with a blue light that could have competed with the sun. The blue turned to orange, and through his second story window, Todd could see a deluge of sparks raining down in the motel parking lot.

As he stepped to the window, another burst of sparks ejected from the transformer above the lot. If not for the rain, the un-trimmed hedges below would have been set ablaze. In the brief light he saw—did he?—it could have been someone down there, in the in the center of the parking lot. Todd wasn’t sure, until a third spray of particulate fire illuminated the property. It was a man in a white T-shirt and basketball shorts. He was curled up in the fetal position. It was as if he had mistaken the muddy rain puddle for his bed, coiled up and fallen asleep right there. He wasn’t moving but—was he screaming? It was tough to tell over the storm and through the window.

Now came the most ancient of debates, to help or turn away. Todd groaned a mellow “oh, shit,” when he realized he had already made the decision. He was supposed to be a good man. He had told himself he would be making all the right changes ever since mouth had gotten him into trouble. Todd had a knack for talking, usually about others, and often about things they considered personal. Since his black eye from last week, he would drink less beer, help more, hurt less, shut his mouth, and hopefully find a good honest woman some time soon.

Todd Barrett threw on his raincoat and left the room in a hurry. In all likelihood, the sudden electrical flash had temporarily blinded this poor bastard that probably ran out to his car to retrieve his forgotten toothbrush or something. Todd had seen what an overload could do to someone up close, and they were still plenty dangerous from afar.

The motel clerk was gone from her desk, though he saw her flashlight moving in the back office. “Hey, someone’s hurt out there,” he hollered, but heard no reply. Todd pressed the emergency release on the automatic sliding doors, and stepped out into the rain.

Cynthia was indeed an ill-tempered, wild lunatic of a storm. Her winds tried to possess Todd’s very movement. He was soaked instantly; his jeans probably wouldn’t dry for three days. He slowly approached the motionless pile of a man, who was now face down in the flooding parking lot. As Todd drew nearer, some part of him questioned what form of temporary blindness would cause a man to scream into mud like this one seemed to be.

He suddenly realized the error in his assumption that this wet screaming mess had been a tenant of the motel. Maybe he was a roving crack addict or escapee from some kind of institution. Todd lost all interest in placing a comforting hand on the man’s shoulder, but planned to do so anyway—he was here, wasn’t he?

“You’re ok,” were the first, most natural and least accurate words to Todd’s lips, but they were lost to the wind. He repeated them, this time yelling, “You’re ok!” and finally his hand touched the man’s sopping, cold, cotton shirt. The screaming man rolled over and his yelling was quickly reduced to a gurgle through the witch’s brew of mud, rain, saliva, and blood in his mouth. Todd saw the dirty red fluid streaking from all corners of the man’s face, digging miniscule gullies into the mud and gravel stuck there.

Two bloodshot eyes, tucked within that filthy mask, searched wide and eventually locked with Todd’s. The gurgling stopped, and the man aggressively inhaled, no doubt taking in some rainwater, then painfully coughed and wheezed. That was when, from behind Todd, the transformer on the offending power pole breathed fire again, and Todd turned to look at it. What he saw there was no mere utility structure.

Something was clinging to the top of the pole. Mother nature’s light show had stirred up by now, and the thing—whatever it was—was occasionally silhouetted by jagged strikes of lightning in the sky. The first thought into Todd’s mind, of all things, was that this thing was something from The Muppet Show. Its four limbs were of such lanky length that they looked as though only a puppeteer’s wire could move them.

Another flash of lighting brought more unwanted detail. Tufts of hair covered the monster’s impossibly skinny form. It seemed to lack elbows and knees, instead utilizing a slow arcing bend of its slender limbs. There was more, it was doing something up there. Todd watched in disbelief as the nightmare’s almost perfectly spherical head parted into a gaping mouth with canine teeth, and sank them into the transformer. Another blast of sparks was set loose. It looked to be feeding on the power grid.

In perhaps a more delayed reaction than Todd had ever experienced, he began stuttering and repeating the only word his mind seemed to have on hand, “No, no, no, NO!”

The creature halted its feast. It had heard him. Now, the thing’s eyes opened, and their intense glow told Todd that they had previously been closed.

In two moments, Todd would make the absolute greatest mistake of his life. As those infernal, luminous eyes swept their surroundings like headlights, and the rain fell like ocean waves, Todd could have run away; but he didn’t. Crippled by his own fear, he could only stare. The evil eyes found Todd, and he looked back into them. That was when everything changed.

His arms were raised above his head. He heard a plastic, grating sound and felt sharp pain at the back of his head. Todd did not suddenly become aware of the situation, but rather felt it slowly envelope him. He was being dragged down the street. The plastic grating had been the rubbing of asphalt on his rain coat. The pain behind his head was that same rugged surface scratching into his scalp.

It was a bright, moonlit night. Cynthia was long gone from wherever he was now. He raised his head to see the horrible, lanky creature pulling him along by the ankle in slow, lumbering movements. It was much taller than it had initially appeared when beheld at a distance. The thing was maybe nine feet tall, those skinny, jointless legs made up most of the height. Its head hung low, and its free arm slowly swayed to and fro with each step.

Todd actually spent a moment debating whether or not he should play dead. Next he considered that he was likely as good as dead if he didn’t do something. He started with shouting, then kicking. He twisted and rolled and palmed his hands into the surface of the street. His nails dug into the asphalt and were sanded down, along with his now bloodied fingertips. He recoiled his captured leg, hoping to gain ground and attack the monster head on. It was out of reach. He summoned his will power and reached for the disgusting hand that was grasping his ankle. He felt a static shock as he touched its dark, matted fur, and pried with all his might, but could not break the grip. The thing, despite Todd’s violent rebellion, trudged on.

Todd tucked his shirt and raincoat into his pants and tightened his belt, trying to keep his outer layers from wrinkling upward and exposing his bare back to the passing ground. He slowly regained his wits and took in his surroundings. The neighborhood was quiet, it seemed there was no one here to help him. The cars looked older; in fact, he didn’t see a single one that looked newer than nineteen seventy. Over the course of a dreadful two minutes Todd recognized, double checked, and reconfirmed that he was in fact being dragged through the neighborhood in which he had grown up.

He was pulled around a bend, turning onto old Wilkie Avenue. At the end of this street would be a cul-de-sac, at the center of that would be his childhood home. Todd leaned and contorted, trying to see past his captor and catch a glimpse of their destination. He could see that the creature’s open, radiant eyes were lighting the way.

All along the street, his former neighbors stepped out onto their various yards and porches. Each person’s flesh had changed, head to toe, into that same muddy, bleeding mixture he had beheld in the parking lot. They went about their daily lives despite the grotesque transformation. Mr. Davis pressed his thumb over the end of a hose and sprayed grass clippings off of his sidewalk. Karly Mason, dressed in her now darkly soiled pink tutu, performed pirouettes and plies for the world to admire. Todd tried not to look.

His miserable guided tour continued, up the curb, across the driveway, onto the porch and through the door. As the creature lumbered up the flight of stairs towards the second floor, Todd grabbed hold of the banister and squeezed with everything he had. The creature pulled so hard, Tom thought his leg might rip from its socket, but before it could, the wooden post cracked and snapped in two.

Up the green-carpeted stairs, and down the second floor hallway he went. He knew whose bedroom was at the end, and as he was pulled into it, he observed muddied, bleeding versions of both his parents. They were pressed up against the wall, wildly trying to conceive his younger brother, all to the beat with The O’Jay’s “Love Train,” which seemed to be blaring from the very walls. It had once been a younger Todd’s favorite song. He screamed, flipped and kicked but couldn’t seem to close his eyes.

Todd’s horrible, gangling tour guide stepped out the second story window, dragging a now crying Todd with it. He was pulled out, to his surprise, not onto the roof, but the dirty surface of his old school yard. There he watched the imaginary battles of his youth turn real, as each of his mud-caked, bleeding, friends were slaughtered by one another.

By what could have been called the second day of being dragged—though time did not exist in this place—Todd had already seen most every location he once cherished. He was dragged through the ’64 Chevy Station Wagon in which he had received his first blowjob. He made a hot lap around his high school while listening to “Love Train” and watching a disgusting rendition of his old football team gnaw out each other’s muddy throats.

Todd’s raincoat had mostly withered to Swiss cheese at this point, and his cotton undershirt didn’t provide much protection from the ground’s coarse sandpaper effect. He resorted to sitting up, entrusting his rugged jeans to hold up at least twice as long as the jacket. He and his silent captor had just about completely caught up on his life by now, and Todd assumed an end of some kind was close at hand.

On the third day of the dragging, Tom was pulled out of the dark motel room that he wished he had never left. He was brought through the lobby, out into the rain, and past the screaming man he had hoped to help. Beyond that, everything turned bright. The rain stopped, and Todd finally felt the sun on his face. To either side of him, he saw vast, endless lines of wavy dunes. It was a desert that existed somewhere outside of his own memory.

On the fifth day, his entire upper layer of clothing had completely worn away. Grating, hot sand grinded into his wounds and formed a layer of bloody paste around him. If he had tried to scream, his dry throat would have yielded no sound. The sun had burned his face and chest to the point of blistering. The sand had rubbed his back down to mere muscle. It also seemed that hunger existed in this place, though it could not kill. Todd’s mind failed him, as he began thrashing wildly, no longer hoping to escape, but letting out his rage and trying to distract from the pain.

Day ten approached, and the dunes rolled on. Todd’s rag of a body was pulled past the rusting hulk of an old Lockheed airliner, the decaying hull of a cargo ship, and a few other scraps of metal that his weak eyes couldn’t identify. Above in the tauntingly blue sky, Todd observed a ringed planet, hosting a family of several moons. “Love Train,” rolled on, echoing unstoppably from deep within his mind. He turned over, opting to let the ceaseless sun destroy his back, which had been stripped of its nerve endings. He braced for the grating pain of sand on his wretchedly burned chest.

By the fifteenth day, Todd’s muscles had been stripped past the point of use. The lost layers left him more closely resembling his captor than any human. Thirty pounds of flesh had been shredded away from his miserable body. Knowing he should have been long dead by now, he wondered what he had done to deserve what he feared would be an eternity of senseless agony.

On day twenty, Todd suspected that by tomorrow, he would lose his mind entirely, and that might be good. He was well on his way to ending up just like—

His feeble mind stopped, reversed course, and retraced its steps. He would end up just like the man in the parking lot—Insane. In a merciful flash, Todd understood it all so clearly. This creature wasn’t something told of around a campfire. He had never heard a single word spoken about such a monster—Why? This had all started the moment he locked eyes with this terrible creature. He had seen it, and it knew he had. Todd had never heard of the monster because no one who saw it could ever speak of it—or anything—again. It was a secret. Now, for witnessing that secret, Todd was being driven insane.

He struggled to form the words with his brittle lips, but couldn’t. There was no way for his vocal cords to produce a sound. He tried anyway. If mouthing the four words was all he could do, he would do so for the rest of his tour.

I won’t tell anyone, he said, though it was really more a thought than spoken word, and a remarkable thing happened. The creature stopped. Todd felt his own foot drop into the sand. The creature, gangly, yet somehow graceful, crawled right over top of him. Through its disgusting dark tufts of fur, Todd could see what might have been eyes; they looked deeper into him than any human eyes ever could.

The creature grunted, stood, and from Todd’s perspective, its towering form was never so apparent. It turned, and lumbered away, off into the endless dunes. The creature could not whistle as it walked, so the wind did so for it.

Todd was alone now, lying there in that blasted desert, somewhere outside the realm of rationality where pain met time. A sudden breeze kicked sand into his eyes. His decaying fingers curled and gripped the sand to find that it was now wet, and not sand but mud. Water, sweet cooling water, fell onto his wounds and flowed in all around him.

He was no longer in the dune, but laying in the motel parking lot, next to a man who, little did he know, had been dragged for three thousand and eighty days, all in an instant; all for looking where he shouldn’t.

Above Todd, in a weightless perch on the power lines, was the creature. It blinked once at him, spread its limbs, and caught a gale of Cynthia’s wind. With one flash of lightning, Todd saw the silhouette of that hellish puppet disappear into the thunderclouds. He wondered if he was the only one to have laid eyes on the being and survived with half his mind, or if there were others that shared his secret. He would never know. For the rest of his dark, broken life, Todd would never speak of the monster that almost cost him his sanity with a single glance; and the world’s most ancient secret went on unheard of, riding the winds of violent storms until wind itself was no more.

Let me begin by stating that I have always had a fascination with nature and its creatures. Even at a young age, I would watch documentaries that explained nature, its inhabitants and humanity’s place as the apex predator.

As I progressed from childhood to adulthood, the documentaries ingrained in my subconscious would determine my career—an ecologist. I was twenty-five when I applied for ecology and I was ecstatic when I received a phone call from Seattle’s ecologists accepting me as their latest employee.

Weeks transitioned into months and months became years as I worked tirelessly to solve any problem an ecosystem faced, whether it’d be a lack of a carnivore’s diet or too many herbivores. Sure, the work was tedious and demanding, but it provided me satisfaction for the effort of doing something worthwhile; providing relief for the wildlife’s misfortunes was all I required, aside from my paycheck.

It had been an uneventful day at the University of Washington, and I had been reviewing the statistics of local lobsters when I was approached by one of my colleagues that—for privacy—I will name as Mr. J, who seemed to be troubled by something I could hardly fathom, his perplexed face was enough to warrant my inquiry into the matter. When asked what troubled him enough to seek me, he seemed to remember he’d been gripping a clipboard that had escaped my notice. He relinquished the clipboard to me, and as I read the report attached to it, I soon became confused as well.

The source of my confusion was that, for reasons not understood, the black-tailed deer population had dramatically declined at Olympic National Park. There were multiple scenarios that served as a valid answer—perhaps a foreign predator had entered the territory, the population of predators in the area could have greatly increased or the deer had contracted a disease.

All of these scenarios were plausible, but until the cause of this mysterious occurrence was ascertained, it was difficult to know. Once I had finished reading the report, I voiced my question of how this pertained to me. Mr. J’s reply was an apologetic look before seemingly mustering the courage to tell me that he had been planning a vacation that couldn’t be delayed. He had prepared for the vacation to begin tomorrow, and he sincerely hoped that I would complete his assignment with a young man who had been employed. Reluctantly, I agreed to his request with no small amount of annoyance developing inside of me. Satisfied with my answer, he left my sight with a joyous smile and an energetic skip in his step.

What my co-worker had failed to mention was that his assignment would begin two days after he received it, and the dead-line was in six days. Perhaps he did not feel the need to speak to me about this information; whether it was laziness or lack of memory, it only reminded me of the regret I felt for accepting his request. Our conversation was exchanged three days ago, now I sat in the passenger seat of a small, white jeep being driven by a new employee who I, or the other ecologists, had not been well-acquainted with.

There was not much known about him, only individuals who personally knew him would say he was a quiet man, socially withdrawn, but he did possess compassion for animals. In certain aspects, he was identical to me, albeit he was much younger, and my 30th year was approaching. One rumor had spread rapidly throughout the university; some people believed he was the man whose sister had perished with his house to a fire when he was a small child, but it was not my right to pry into his personal life.

As the young man continued to drive us toward our destination, the sky became darker and the last rays of sunlight disappeared. In response, my driver turned on the jeep’s headlights to get a better look at his surroundings as nightfall became evident and stars glittered in the sky.

It had taken several hours to come close to our destination, and it had been quite some time since I had seen another vehicle on this barren, concrete road; the only company we currently had were the vast amount of trees that lined the road on both sides, some of the trees even appeared to be covered in moss.

Soon, a wooden sign came within view on the right-side of the road, and we halted the vehicle. We observed the sign, and were relieved to have finally reached our destination—Olympic National Park. The sign itself was lovely, the base of the sign was supported by stones and the wood was adorned with a small insignia of a tree and mountain. Still, we did not come this far to admire a mere sign; we had quickly driven past it and continued our route.

We drove further into the national park, until we arrived at a security booth operated by a middle-aged forest ranger who seemed to recognize us as the team from Seattle. He welcomed us through the window of the booth before politely asking that that we park the vehicle on the side of the road, which we complied as we turned off the ignition and headlights.

After exchanging pleasantries, the forest ranger, grasping a flashlight, lead us to a thin, dirt trail winding into a section of the forest. He proceeded to give us orders to follow the trail until we found a cabin, he also advised us to be wary of wolves, bears and cougars as he handed us his flashlight. Satisfied with his warning, we thanked him as we entered the forest.

After walking a considerable distance and seeing nothing but trees, bushes and an occasional stream, we were greeted by the sight of a large, circular clearing; at the far end of the clearing, positioned on a small hill, was a decent-sized cabin. Once we strode across the clearing and up the small mound, I was able to obtain a better examination of the cabin. Upon closer inspection, I was slightly disappointed; numerous areas of the window were cracked, and the exterior wood had been rotting for quite some time.

Silently praying that the interior structure wasn’t horribly damaged, I grasped the door handle and opened the cabin door, only for an acrid smell to pierce the air. My colleague and I quickly retreated from the door to escape the nauseating stench in fear of regurgitating our meals. When the scent had dissipated, we spent several minutes scouring outside the cabin to identify the origin of the smell that we had the misfortune of inhaling.

Unable to find the source, we decided to enter the cabin and were astonished by what we saw; despite the exterior structure being damaged, the interior was unharmed. The cabin only had one room, yet was spacious enough to hold a large group of people; two green beds accompanied by a nightstand for each respective bed lined the walls, and a desk was positioned near the front window.

Although we were interested in the room, we began to feel weary from the trip, and the beds seemed to almost beckon to us like sirens to sailors. With haste, we discarded our clothing, placed the flashlight and jeep key on a nightstand, dove into our beds and drifted to sleep.

The next two days spent trying to find any sort of problem that plagued the deer population were in vain; despite my years of expertise, I could not find anything abnormal. During many of our breaks from our work, we also attempted to locate the source of the mysterious stench from the first night for curiosity’s sake, yet the origin continued to elude us. I had thought this would be another regular assignment that would provide an easy answer, but I was proven extremely wrong; the next three days’ events are what truly disturbed me, and had me concerned for my partner. Over the course of those days, he’d become increasingly agitated, sluggish and complaining about painful headaches. He would barely eat any of the packaged jerky we had stuffed in our pockets, and would occasionally leave to vomit in random bushes. I didn’t know what ailed my co-worker, but I was determined to see him receive treatment. Night soon overcame the day, and we prepared to accept that we would not discover the answer that had been elusive. Once again, we discarded our clothing, climbed into our beds and drifted to sleep.

I can not recall when I awoke that night, all I can remember was that it was extremely dark when I glanced at the window. It was unusually quiet, and I was slightly frightened; there was no chirping of crickets, no croaking of frogs, nothing that indicated anything was alive outside of the cabin. As I pondered about this unusual behavior of the wildlife, a repulsive stench filled the room, only it was much more intense than the first night I was exposed to it.

I was soon alerted to faint footsteps outside the cabin, and I could see something stirring outside the window. I strained my eyes to peer out the window, and immediately regretted it. Something was definitely outside, and although I could not properly see it, I knew that it was immensely large.

The door groaned as the shape outside pushed it open, and I quickly hid under the covers and remained motionless. I desperately tried to gaze through the fabric of the sheets at what stood outside the doorway, yet I could only see the faint shape of the creature; it was obviously massive and bulbous but despite its large shape, it was somehow able to step through the doorway, almost as if it passed through a non-existent door frame. Its foot steps, oh God, it sounded unnatural! The rhythm of its foot steps would give someone the impression that it had more than four legs! That was impossible, no mammal that was recorded had more than four legs!

I continued to watch the shape as it seemed to disregard me, instead it focused its attention on my partner. Once it strolled across the room, and stood beside the bed of my associate, it proceeded to simply stare at the sleeping form. Several moments passed before I saw the silhouette of the young man awaken, and leave his bed. He seemed to stare at whatever was in front of him before muttering in disbelief “Cassandra?” He began to sob uncontrollably and—to my utter horror —embraced the thing that stood in front of him. “I missed you so much, it was my fault for playing with that lighter, I couldn’t have known what it would have done,” he whimpered.

The thing continued to remain still as the man embraced it as if he had known it his entire life. He quickly composed himself before asking the creature why it wanted him to follow it. The reply was only chittering and guttural noises, yet the man seemed content with the answer. He quickly wiped away his tears, followed the creature out of the cabin, and into the night.

Once the pair had disappeared, the forest life seemed to return; I could hear the croaking of frogs, the chirping of birds, and sounds of movement in the forest encircling me.
I remained frozen in shock as my mind tried to process what had occurred.

When the realization of what happened finally sunk in, I threw the bed sheets from my body, donned my clothing, grabbed the jeep key from the nightstand, and sprinted out of the cabin. It is known that when a person experiences copious amounts of fear, it overwhelms said person, this was especially true for me. In my panic-stricken state, I had sprinted into the nearest section of the forest, completely forgetting the flashlight and losing sight of the trail that I was supposed to follow, now I could only hope that I was close enough to the trail that my co-worker and I had followed when we first arrived.

My hopes of quickly exiting the forest began to diminish; I did not recognize this part of the forest, and I could only imagine that I was running deeper into the dense woodland, but I could not stop, I would not stop! That thing was after me, I knew it was! In my moment of casting fervent glances in any direction I could, I had failed to notice the object that was lying in front of me, and proceeded to trip and fall on top of it. I had become disoriented by the fall and I required a moment to regain awareness of my surroundings; once my head had cleared, I decided to look at the object that I had fallen on, and immediately scrambled away from it.

What had tripped me was not simply a log or something that someone would expect, but the corpse of a deer, a black-tailed deer; the mammal’s chest appeared to have been sliced open and its organs strewn across the ground. I would never forget its eyes, those lifeless eyes that seemed to stare into my very being, and its visage displaying the most human-esque expression I had ever seen from an animal—terror. I soon became aware of the other corpses of animals that littered the ground; there were wolves, rabbits and even numerous bears, all seemed to have suffered the same fate as the deer, and all displayed looks of absolute horror.

I quickly rose to my feet, ignored the coagulated blood that covered me and continued to dash through the forest, my desperation increasing with every step I took. I could scarcely imagine what fate had in store for my friend, and I shuddered as I recalled him following whatever led him away from the cabin; he had not bothered to grab his clothing, and the way he left the cabin seemed as if he was in a trance. I had been so distracted by my thoughts, I hadn’t realized that I emerged from the forest, and was in familiar territory.

I instantly recognized the security booth in the distance, and the jeep parked on the side of the road leading away from this nightmarish place. With renewed energy, I sprinted down the road, past the booth, and to the door of the jeep. I fumbled the key from my pocket, and inserted it into the vehicular door as my mind raced with thoughts of relief. As I prepared to leave, I noticed movement in the side mirror of the vehicle and froze. I saw it, its true form, its inconceivable form that elicited a primal scream from me, and my vision darkened.

I do not know when I regained clarity in a padded cell, and many of the doctors who worked at Western State Hospital had told me that they had no hope for my recovery, and it was a miracle I had recovered my sanity. As they removed my straight-jacket and prepared the release forms that would grant me my freedom, I requested to know why I had been placed here. They exchanged worried glances to each other before answering that people had found me crawling down the road away from Olympic National Park, muttering unintelligible words and phrases, and the appearance of my hair and clothes disheveled and covered in dark, dried blood frightened onlookers.

Throughout my year of insanity at the psychiatric hospital, the doctors also mentioned that I produced many sketches of odd symbols, constellations, planets and a creature that appeared to have a crustacean body and arachnid legs with slender feelers on its chest, two large claws protruding from its back, possessing multiple humanoid eyes and no visible mouth, underneath the drawing was an abnormal word simply spelled Xilctha; the drawings disconcerted the doctors whenever they gazed at them, and were often thrown way or burned.

A missing persons report had also been filed for my friend; the police found my partner’s nude, decayed corpse deep within the woodland, his visage displaying a look of terror, and his rotting organs scattered across the ground. To this day, I dread to envision him resembling the animals I’d found.

It wasn’t long before memories of my days of being insane returned, although I wish they hadn’t, for it was not merely memories, but life-altering facts. Nothing excited me anymore, I did not dare to continue my work, I no longer had sympathy for animals, only contempt for exposing me to the reality of life and my value in this world. Often, I resorted to drinking liquor to repress the horrendous truth that I knew; humanity was simply a plaything, we created our illusion of superiority, only to never have been contested.

Now, as I prepared to throw myself out of my apartment window in the hope of ending my life, I can only advise that you don’t travel to Olympic National Park, lest you are unfortunate to encounter the epitome of madness that I had discovered.

Some people just don’t understand. What is right in front of you is almost never the whole picture. Behind every photo, every setting, every face, is an entire world yet to be discovered. My friends and I now know this to our disdain. We now understand why our parents always told us to stay away from the cranberry bogs on the west side. As a matter of fact, we now know why everybody avoided those bogs.

I never had a plan on my 21st birthday. I just figured I’d invite all my friends to my backyard, have some drinks by the fire, camp out, and wake up regretting the hangover. Only problem is, we all still had that teenaged yearning. Our youthful anxiousness for adventure fueled our minds with this reckless abandon.

It wasn’t even my idea to leave the confines of my quaint little yard. My friend Charlie had to point out how bored he was, even as we tipped back beers and debated over music genres with enjoyment. Charlie had a habit of zoning out, and he had a tendency of changing the course of every night we all spent together.

“So how about those cranberry bogs?” He chimed into our game of verbal pong.

We all turned to him, as I stopped mid comment. I opened my mouth to respond, but his impatience was a swift son of a gun.

“Come on guys, sitting around this fire just isn’t doing it for me. I don’t care whose birthday it is.”

“Charlie-” I started, to no avail.

“No. I was just sitting here thinking, we’re all 21 now. We’ve grown up hearing this story about those damned bogs being taboo – off limits. What do you say? Let’s throw our intoxicated caution to the wind. Let’s camp on the bogs for tonight!”

Charlie closed his suggestion with a smirk of buzzed hopefulness and mischief. I barely knew what to say. Looking around at the other’s faces, I didn’t find much more to go off of. Stacy and Henry kinda just stared at the fire, their eyes glossed over from shots and speechlessness. Jay sat to my right, gripping his beer and giving me half a glance with the corners of his eyes. The crackling of the fire seemed to pierce our silence with nothing but an awkward snap, that only background noise could administer. Jay finally stole the fire’s thunder, by interlining a response with throat clearance.

“Charles, my friend, didn’t you hear that story last week? The two young kids with the dog? Nobody has yet heard from them. That only adds to what our parents have always told us. There’s something wrong, something dark about the whole wooded area. Those bogs aren’t safe.”

“Why, Jay?” Charlie chuckled, while throwing his beer bottle into the fire. The glass broke with a muffled shatter, sending sparks up in front of our faces, revealing Charlie’s now sinister expression.

“Why what?” Jay shrugged.

“Why are the bogs so evil? Because a couple dumb kids had some careless parents? Because that old man turned up dead by the water? Because they found a girl murdered at midnight in the sand pit?”

“Unsolved mysteries, man.” Jay shook his head and grabbed another beer, not yet opening it.

Charlie lit up a smoke, and leaned forward to scan us all with his squinting eyes, beady and disgusted by our cautious rejection. He spoke slowly, and carefully now. His voice calm, but to the point.

“Jay, all I have to say is, shit happens. People die everyday, sometimes in one place more than others. The bogs are overgrown, dark, and the paths winding. It’s easy to get lost, but it’s also easy to hide. Anyone could be out there. Tonight, we’ll be anyone, celebrating our friend’s 21st year and having a good time.” He put out half a smoke, and tossed it into the fire pit.

He looked up at me, as if knowing that he had gotten through to someone. Maybe me? Maybe. He had a point. I spent 21 years in this part of town, and yet I never set foot on the mysterious roads of those bogs. How do I know my parents didn’t just do a good job of instilling fear into my mind to keep me safe? Stacy finally chimed in, standing up out of her chair slowly.

“Charlie’s right, why go to our graves never knowing what’s really out there? Who knows? It could be fun!”

Henry grabbed her hand sternly, shaking his head.

“Babe, you’re drunk. Sit down.”

“Shut up, Henry. I’ve only had a few shots. Drink your beer.”

She turned back to us and continued.

“It’s a time of celebration, guys. Let’s do something exciting. If you’re waiting for a vote, you have mine.”

Charlie smiled in satisfaction. His point has made its slow roundabout. Henry finally replied with an “okay, whatever”, and I just nodded and grinned nervously. Jay, on the other hand frowned with a stoic set of eyes, and wouldn’t give a yes or a no. His disagreement could have went on forever, but so could his silence.

As we all stood up to clean and begin our little walk down the street, I began to think about where we were going. I turned a mental eye to my nerves as they touched upon memory lane. I’ve heard a lot about the bogs. A lot.

For example, ten years ago. I was only eleven. Young, innocent, maybe a bit over anxious about life. Still, my mother was able to sit me down in the kitchen for something this serious.

I knew what murder meant, I just never had to be subjected to it. My neighbor used to stroll down by the river that ran behind the bogs. He would never set foot anywhere else near the bog land, he stayed on the other side of the water. That summer was different though.

Mr. Frasier was a nice man. My dad knew him on a first name basis, I remember him calling him ‘my friend Jim” a lot. Jim was a few decades older than my father, but they’d easily bonded over fishing, cars, and sports. Ol’ Jim would even buy us all gifts. He only lived near us for a couple years, but we felt like we knew him for much longer.

When my mother told me that he was found sprawled out by the inner edge of the river, I was confused. He used to talk to my parents all the time about how he would only stroll on the outside. He was educated about the mysterious land, even in the short time he lived here. What changed that day?

We hit the road around 8:00 PM. The uneasiness had finally let up, and we all started joking about how old we felt. My legs ached, and Stacy kept saying her lower back was a bit uncomfortable as Henry placed his hand there to comfort her.

“Henry, guess you gotta let her be on top more often. You’re killing her back.” Charlie snickered.

“Shut the hell up!” Henry sneered back.

“Hey hey, it’s my birthday guys. Let’s not tear each other’s throats out.”

We shared a laugh about it anyway.

We arrived at the bogs around 8:30. As we stepped up to the borders of the shifty land, I realized it looked different than I remembered. From what I could see at least.

The street lamps were off for some reason. Even though I’d driven by it many times before, noticing how lit up it was. Tonight, something was different. The bogs were all overgrown, tangled in a mess of leaves, vines, and weeds. The trees hung menacingly over the footpaths, like hungry bullies waiting for a payout.

Charlie faced away from us, pulled a cigarette out of his pack, and lit it up nonchalantly. He took a drag, and then smiled as he exhaled. His face was beaming with excitement.

“Okay!” He started. “Who wants to be the first one in?”

My stomach jumped. I’d almost forgotten we were actually going to step foot on the property.

Jay shook his head and begun mumbling about something incoherent.

“Jay my brave friend, how nice of you to volunteer!” Charlie flicked his unfinished butt across the street, and rubbed his hands together in anticipation.

Jay shook his head again, but spoke calmly.

“I think we should all line up and walk in together. We stay close, and keep as quiet as possible.”

Charlie’s smile turned instantly to an eye rolling sneer.

“Fine Jay, but you can lead the way.”

“Sure. Follow me, guys.”

Stacy and Henry scurried to the back of the line, holding hands and pressing close together. I stood next to Charlie, and let him pressure on to a position behind Jay.

Jay wasted no time entering the dark, shadowy mouth of the tree laden path. The sound of our feet shuffling behind him echoed ominously through the night. We were unsure, nervous, and not far from scared. We were buzzed, and looking for nothing but a good time. Well, all of us except for Jay.

I could tell at this point he had only taken charge to mediate the dangerous fun. He lead us through the trees, as the vines reached their inanimate fingers toward our feet, and we stepped and stomped our way to the sandy clearing.

We were suddenly out of clear sight. Civilization had been buried behind us through leaves and pine. I could hear the slight hum of traffic in the distance, but I knew now we had reached the belly of an unknown beast.

I took a look around us once we stopped moving. All of us lit up cigarettes, after we dropped our equipment on the ground. Henry and Stacy cracked a bottle of booze open, and Charlie made himself comfortable on a log.

I observed the bogs like an alien planet. The old cranberry plants were discolored. Pieces of machinery lay around a little watershed on the opposite side of the plot. Several old looking, run down cars were parked by a big warehouse ahead of us. I felt a chill in the air all of a sudden. I couldn’t tell if I was only cold from fear, but I wrapped my arms around myself a bit anyway.

“Welcome to the scariest place on Earth, my friends!” Charlie celebrated as he cracked open a beer.

“It’s not that bad. It’s just getting dark is all.” I pointed out.

“Who packed the flashlight?” Stacy wondered out loud.

We all looked at each other, all waiting for an answer.

Jay started to laugh a bit, “Are you kidding me?”

He reached into the tent bag and felt around a bit.

“Damn, nobody thought of it?”

Charlie snickered as well, “Wow. Oh well. We can start a fire. Utilize your surroundings, right?”

“Yeah, plus we can use my phone light until the battery dies.” Stacy offered.

“Oh – almost forgot! Take out your phones!” Charlie pulled out his phone and shut it off.

We all blinked at him for a moment.

Henry took out his phone and waited for a reason. The rest of us did not follow suit.

Charlie added in, “No phones tonight, ladies and gentlemen.”

Wide eyed and silent, I grabbed at my phone in my right pocket.

“Why? We need at least one, in case of emergency.” I left mine away, not complying.

“There won’t be an emergency. We’re grown adults with a survival instinct and we’re only five minutes from society. We’ll be okay.” Charlie was serious.

Jay surprisingly agreed and asked us to just turn them off. We could always turn them on if we really needed them after all.

We spent about a half hour just chatting it up by a nice warm fire, and telling quick little scary stories we’ve heard throughout the years. The thing was, nobody was uncomfortable anymore. We were having a pretty good time.

CRACK.

We all stopped talking.

SNAP. CRACK.

Loud noises, distinct and nearby, echoed around us. Charlie went stoic.

“Were those branches?” he asked.

We shrugged at him, and stared at the trees.

Jay stood up next to Charlie, and looked down at him.

“Wanna go take a look, man?”

Charlie was starting to look less sure of himself. His shoulders held a defensive attention, and his neck showing signs of tenseness. He eased up after a minute of peace, and stood up at a ready.

“Yeah, we’re gonna go see what’s happening. Probably some coyotes or deer.”

“Giant ones.” Henry joked, half serious about it.

“Eat a giant one.” Charlie retorted.

We all laughed again, but Jay and Charlie were starting toward the trees.

Almost immediately, before they could get to the tree line, the brightest lights you could imagine popped on deep in the woods. Countless beams of sparkling luminescence careened and shot straight out between tree trunks. Jay and Charlie were so shocked that they couldn’t help but bounce back on their heels a bit.

“What the hell?!” Charlie exclaimed, shielding his eyes from the strange lights.

I stood in awe of the sight. Nothing but bewilderment occupied our faces. Henry spilled his booze and dropped his cup. Stacy drank her booze and started pouring another drink. I was never much of a drinker, but I suddenly needed a smoke and a drink myself.

“Where is that coming from?” I asked to nobody in particular.

“I don’t know.” Jay was confused, but he threw his hand across his forehead and peered through the trees, hoping to catch a glimpse of a rational answer. Nothing revealed itself, but lights and questions.

“Are we just gonna stand around and wonder about it? Let’s go check out the source!” Charlie demanded.

“No, Charlie.” Jay threw his arm out, stopping Charlie in his tracks.

“Ya know Jay, I’ve had enough of your rejection. I’m so sick of you trying to take charge, and acting like you know what’s best. I really don’t care anymore. If you, or none of you want to follow, that’s fine. Just have a tent set up for me when I find out what this light is.”

He grabbed Jay’s arm and flung it aside. Jay wasn’t phased a bit. He just watched as Charlie walked into a section of lit woods.

“We can’t just let him go wandering off alone!” Stacy insisted.

“Sure we can Stacy,” Jay was unmoved, “It’s his own choice. There’s no sense in the rest of us getting hurt with him. Because then, who would save us?”

Stacy looked drunk with disgust.

“Jay! He’s your friend! We should be saving him. It was our choice to come here, so we are responsible for what happens!”

Jay just shook his head. Funny thing is, even through her scolding, nobody, not even Stacy followed Charlie as he disappeared into the unknown. We were all simply too tired, or too buzzed.

Or too scared.

A half hour or so passed by with no event. Stacy had fallen asleep in a bliss-less drunken coma. Henry sat silently by her, and I chained smoked my last few cigarettes like never before, lighting each one with the cherry of the last. Finally, Jay spoke up.

“He did ask us to make the tent. Anybody wanna help me?” I volunteered and grabbed the bag.

“AAAAH!” A searing scream of agony ripped through the tree line. I jumped so much, that I accidentally smacked Jay in the face with one of the tent poles.

“SHIT!” Jay grabbed his face and glared at me.

“Sorry…” I mumbled.

Stacy woke up from her intoxicated cat nap, and Henry stirred to his feet.

“What? What’s going on?” Stacy yawned, clearly not shaken and maybe clueless to what we all heard.

“Did that sound like Charlie?” Henry asked.

Jay nodded in confirmation.

“He has to be messing with us. He’s probably on his way back.” I pointed out.

I wasn’t so sure though.

The sudden sound of a buzzing, electric pulse then shook me to my core. We all watched as a streak of colorless light, zig zagged it’s way through the forest.

“NO, AAAAH, PLEASE!!” Charlie screamed from somewhere deep inside the woods.

“J-Jay…” I stuttered, “What do we do?”

“I don’t know, but…what is that?” He pointed above the trees.

My jaw dropped. There, beyond his finger, above the trees and beneath the sky, was something I’d only ever seen in movies and books. A disc, larger than an airplane, hovered soundless in the air. It’s round characteristics weren’t too threatening, but out from underneath its bottom surface came a cylindrical beam of light, swirling with sparkling heat. I was in awe.

Frozen, and shocked.

Stacy and Henry came to our side, eyes widened and jaws lower than mine.

“Holy crap…is that what I think it is?” Henry asked, practically laughing in bewilderment.

Jay and I nodded.

It appeared to be alien. It didn’t look like any aircraft I had ever laid eyes on, at least not in real life. I wasn’t about to jump to conclusions, but it was shooting lights. I felt permitted to assume.

BZZZZT. The light clicked off.

We all jumped back, and didn’t have much time to react. The strange disc sped away into the night. My eyes and brain couldn’t explain.

One blink. Still didn’t know what happened.

Two blinks. I was more confused than ever before.

I scratched at my head, hoping somebody would speak up. They were as silent as the dark night before us.

“I don’t hear Charlie anymore.” Jay pointed out.

He was right. Not only did I not hear him, I didn’t feel like he was out there either. A wave of fearful emotion crawled into my veins. I didn’t want to feel the truth, anymore than I wanted to hear it.

“Is he dead?” Henry asked dumbfounded.

Jay shook his head.

“I don’t know, man.”

We all decided it was probably best to sit for a moment and collect ourselves. We gathered around our little fire, and half heartedly prodded at conversation, but nothing was interesting. I kept peeking at the trees, hoping to see Charlie. Jay kept twiddling his thumbs, and scratching his neck. He was a nervous wreck.

I couldn’t take the waiting anymore. I finally came to my senses.I stopped Stacy from pouring a shot, and spoke my mind shortly.

“We have to go look for him.”

Jay stood up, nodding in agreement.

“Yeah. I can’t handle this, guys. We can’t just sit here and hope.”

Henry and Stacy looked at each other. Stacy agreed with us as well, but Henry was clearly exhausted.

Henry is a great guy, don’t get me wrong. He would walk to the ends of the earth for his friends. He actually drove to Colorado to pick up Jay when his Uncle had kicked him out. He lent Charlie three hundred dollars when he missed a car payment last year as well. So his qualities in friendship are not in question when I tell you, he refused to help us find Charlie.

“I can’t even keep my eyes open, guys. I don’t think I can walk who knows how many miles, through trees and darkness. I’m drunk and tired.”

Stacy grabbed his arm, “Babe, me too, but that’s our friend out there. He could be hurt and scared.”

“It’s his fault. He wanted to come out here. Everybody warned him it wasn’t safe.”

“Yeah? Yeah? Well we came here with him too. You knew something weird could happen. Now, we face the consequences. Get your drunk ass up, and come with us!”

Henry stared, waited, and glared at her for a few moments. The gloss in his eyes reflected Stacy’s sassy smirk. They really loved each other; you could see it in their body language. So, not unwillingly, Henry took her hand with a ‘you’re right’ shrug. They stood up together, and faced Jay and I.

We were all in this together now, for sure.

Approaching the tree line this time was a bit more unnerving than when we originally entered the bogs. There was now a weathered fear involved, as well as a missing member. I couldn’t imagine what lay beyond the tangled webs of vines and creaking wood. After that disc in the sky, I now saw the landscape surrounding us as an actual alien land. I felt watched, observed, and weak. I was helpless and under dressed. I actually felt disarmed.

“Hey, you okay?” I felt Jay nudge me with concern.

I then realized I had been staring into the distance. My thoughts must have stopped me, cause Stacy and Henry were looking back at Jay and I beyond the trees. They had started walking already.

“Yeah, I uh, I was just making sure we had something to defend ourselves with. Jay, did you bring your knives?”

He reached into his hoodie pocket, and pulled out two of the blades he had bought at the mall last year.

“Are you good now?”

No, I thought to myself.

“Yes.” I lied.

We continued walking. The crunch of fallen leaves and spare gravel alerted me, and who knows what else, to the path we were following. My sense of sound was heightened by my lack of clear eyesight. Henry had clicked his phone back on to make use of his flashlight app, but all it did was give an eerie glow up ahead.

“Wait.” I stopped dead in my tracks.

Everyone else stopped ahead of me, noticing the absence of my crunching footsteps.

“What?” Stacy seethed back to me.

Up ahead of Henry and Stacy, through some bunches of trees, a strange ball of light flickered a bit. It didn’t sit still either. It seemed to be circling a possible clearing. I pointed to it. Once I did, it immediately caught Jay’s attention. He turned Stacy and Henry to it and stuck his finger out so they could see it too.

They did.

I put my finger to my lips and joined their party of confusion. I shushed their muffled muttering so they could hear what I was hearing.

Bzzt. Bzzt.

That on and off zap of energy reminded me of the burst of electricity from earlier.

“You hear that?” I asked.

They nodded in unison. None of us were too certain on moving after that either, but we couldn’t stop now. Henry took the first steps toward it, Stacy close in tow. Jay now had his hand wrapped tight around a knife in his pocket. I scurried after them with hesitation.

I felt my heart pound against my chest the closer we got. I could see structures up ahead now. A garage type building sat behind a gate. Inside that gate, tall poles stood to the left and right. We were getting closer. A wire was strung up between the two poles, and it continued into the building through an opening. We were not even ten steps from the gate now.

BZZT. A surge shot through the wire. Sparks flew up around the pole, stopping us from nearing the gate any closer. I watched as a blue ball of light circulated on the outside of the wire and moved its way to the left, making a corner, and into the opening of the structure.

“What the hell is that?” Stacy whispered.

Nobody answered. None of us knew what we were looking at exactly. Some sort of electrical building? Where was the electricity coming from? Who was running the equipment? The chills in my body were starting to bug me more and more.

“This is unbelievable…” Jay muttered .

“Do we try and get inside?” I couldn’t believe I asked that one.

Everybody turned and looked at me, realizing I had asked a damned good question.

“Well,” Jay started, “we came all this way to look for Charlie. I think we should at least take a look.”

Still, we remained standing without further action. After all, what would we find behind those doors besides Charlie? All we’ve experienced from these bogs were unexplained phenomena. Things could potentially be dangerous. Or worse, deadly.

Jay observed that we should test the gate first. He had to make sure it wasn’t electrified. He picked up a stick from the ground, and gestured for us to stand back. He wrapped his fingers around the stick tensely, sighed, and tossed it at the gate. The stick bounced stiffly off of it, and fell to the ground. We looked at each other with confirmation, and approached the gate side by side.

Jay did not hesitate, reaching for the gate latch with confidence. He flipped it open, and pushed. It made a loud screeching sound, which scared me half to death. I peeked around, paranoid that we had alerted someone, or something to our presence. Gladly, there was still no sign of life besides us.

The next obstacle was easily cleared as well. The strange wire surrounding the front premises of the lot was high enough off the ground that we could step right beneath it safely. The ball of light hadn’t shown itself in recent moments either, so we weren’t concerned. However, the concerning issue was to soon arise.

We arrived at a small front door, shuffling into a close knit huddle behind our unspoken designated leader, Jay. At this point, he was subconsciously leading the way, with concentration masking a focused fear factor beneath. He peered carefully into the window through the door, to no avail. A thickly settled dust sat on the inside of the pane. Beyond that, the generic white shade dangled plainly, yet effectively concealing what lay on the other side. Jay turned to us, his eyes scanning our faces. Then, back to the window. He shook the doorknob to check and see if it was locked.

“I think it’s unlocked.” He stated breathlessly.

“Open it!” Henry seethed, squeezing Stacy’s hand and looking around us frantically, just praying nobody would notice us.

“No!” I intervened quietly, but with urgency.

“Why not?” Jay and Henry asked in unison.

“Because! What if whoever took Charlie is right behind the door?”

“Then chances are, we’ll be snuffed out on the spot. But we don’t really have time to come up with a break in plan, put it into action, and assume all of us are going to pull it off. No, let’s just take our chances with plan A; walk through the front door.” Jay grinned, and patted me on the shoulder. I knew he didn’t mean to be a jerk about it. But, even though his reassuring little shoulder tap was meant to relax me, I could just sense he was fuming with anxiety. His face was expressing an exhausted fear. His eyes were glossy, drooling tears of anxious terror. He too must be scanning his thoughts, remembering the strange disc and anomalous lights.

His hand gripped the doorknob so hard, I could hear a crack in his knuckles. He twisted it swiftly. The steel door scraped the cement beneath it, as Jay pushed it slowly open. I took a deep breath as it finally swung far enough for us to look inside.

I was surprised. There beyond the doorway lay an empty looking hallway, dimly lit by a single dusty bulb. My hands still shook with nervous adrenaline, though. Jay stepped inside for a second, before gesturing us to follow him.

“Jay, should I shut the door behind me?” I questioned quietly.

“No, keep it open in case we need to run.”

I gulped. I never thought of that. What if what we’re dealing with is that dangerous. Are we going to be running for our lives any time soon? The hairs on my neck were standing alert now, chills marching through my body bloodhounds on parade.

As we creeped Mystery Inc. style through the hall, I noticed to the right of the dim light was another door, this one solid grey with a black door knob. Stepping closer, I saw a white sign with red lettering to the left of the doorway.

Jay saw it too. He read aloud in a hushed voice:

WARNING! HIGH VOLTAGE PROCEED!

“What?” Stacy scoffed, “What’s that supposed to mean?”

“Proceed?” I said dumbly.

“I think it means nothing tonight is going to make sense.” Jay replied, already reaching for the black door knob.

“Wait!” I practically shouted.

Jay turned to me confused.

“What?”

“Um, I don’t know. I’m just not sure if we’re ready for this.”

“I’m more ready now than I’ll be in five minutes, when I’ve had enough time to second guess it.” He swung the door open sharply.

CLANG. BANG. CLICK.

Suddenly, we were welcomed by an overwhelming pool of light. It washed through the room like nothing I’ve seen before. All four of us shielded our eyes with our arms and hands. Then, as quickly as it happened, it dimmed back to a tolerable level. We were at the brightness of a normal living room lamp now.

Cautiously, we all adjusted back to normal and began observing our surroundings. It was like a plain old hangar of some sort. Military like. Only difference was, it was empty. The walls and floor were bare. Except…

On the opposite side of the large garage, was a table. What I noticed from there, paralyzed me.

It wasn’t a table, it was a hospital bed. Strapped electric chair style to the arched bed was a figure that I recognized all to well.

“Ch-Charlie?” I whispered.

Jay, Stacy, and Henry breathed heavy sighs of relief when they brought their attention to him too.

“Charlie!” Stacy cried out in excitement.

Henry through his hand over her mouth urgently, looking around us as the echo of her voice surrounded the hangar.

“Babe, you can’t do that. Remember where we are.” Henry let go of Stacy, as she blushed and hung her head in embarrassment.

“Sorry…” She mumbled.

We walked slowly, but steadily toward Charlie, never breaking our close huddle. As we got closer to Charlie, I felt a sharp pain in my stomach. I looked to the right of Charlie’s bed. A box with wires circulated underneath the legs of the bed. Something was wrong, and I was soon to realize why my instincts were acting up.

Jay stepped up to Charlie first.

“Hey ,bud – it’s us. We came and found you.”

Charlie never spoke, never stirred. He looked alive, but unconscious as all hell.

“Charlie, we’re here. Wake up.” Jay continued.

A clang from an upper level inside the building startled us. Jay looked concerned, his eyes watering with impatience.

“Charlie, you idiot. Wake up. We have to get you out of here!”

Jay snapped, and pulled out a knife. He unsheathed it, sending Henry, Stacy, and I stumbling back.

“Whoa, Jay!” I gasped.

“What?” He asked, “I’m going to cut him free.”

I blinked a couple times., and sighed with relief. I thought he was just so mad that he was gonna put the knife in Charlie. I shook my head, as Jay began carefully cutting at the ties. To our surprise, Charlie’s eyes were starting to open.

“Charlie!” I whispered with a smile.

He blinked. He started to eye us a bit. I noticed his face was covered in dirt and his mouth seemed stressed as if he hadn’t used it in a while, or maybe his jaw was just tense from screaming for help. Suddenly, his eyes went wide. He moved his head from side to side.

“No Charlie, don’t move.” Jay ordered him, “I’m cutting your ties. I don’t wanna cut you.”

“Hmm, uggh” He grumbled, still shaking his head.

Finally, he started using real words.

“No, Jay!” he cried, clear as day, “My limbs are paralyzed. You can’t save me. You all need to leave.”

“Wh..what?” I stuttered.

Henry and Stacy grabbed each other tightly. Jay pulled his knife away.

“Dude, I’ll carry you. We’re not leaving you behind.”

“No, it’s not worth it. They’ve taken all of my strength already. I’m screwed. Just leave me here. Get home safely. Just go!”

“They – who’s they?” Stacy whimpered, startled by Charlie’s stubborn desperation.

“Those things. They have a leader. The town cops are all a part of it, or at least Officer Hendricks is. It’s all so screwed up. I couldn’t believe it.”

We all stood frozen in silence. Charlie continued.

“There’s…people here. Some not of Earth. Officer Hendricks has partnered up with them, for some…experiments on humans. He already killed a girl that was here today. She was young, with a bossy little attitude. Hendricks said she had some inner leadership aura, that if sapped out, would give him and the other things some sort of paranormal powers. I don’t know guys, but they’re doing the same thing to me. They already took my motor skills. I can’t even think as fast I used to.”

I was choked up with sadness and fear. I could tell my friends were too. We couldn’t believe it.

“Whatever,” Jay snorted, “I’m getting you out of here anyway.”

Jay started cutting away at the ties again.

“Jay, stop. Go before-”

Charlie’s desperate worry was cut off by the sound of a metal door opening to our right. I turned and looked. It was Officer Hendricks, in a long blue lab coat, and needle in hand.

“Well, well, well.” He sneered, “The neighborhood punks I pulled over all last summer, all in one room together. This is too perfect.”

“Hendricks…” Stacy stammered, “…wh-what are you doing here?”

“Sweetheart, this is my home. So, I’m going to ask you all – what are you doing on the bogs this late at night? I heard these woods can be murder.”

His words followed by a loud buzzing noise caused us all to jump.

“Oh my! It’s time!” Hendricks started stepping toward Charlie.

Jay threw himself in front of Charlie, denying passage to him.

“Don’t take another step, asshole. Get away from him.”

Hendricks chuckled a bit, clearly unmoved by Jay’s heroic efforts.

“Oh Jay Levox, so brave, so young. So-” He paused, “naive.”

We all just watched, as Hendricks pulled up a chair and sat down. Jay straightened out a bit, completely uncomfortable, and unnerved by the dirty cop’s nonchalant behavior.

“I suppose,” Hendricks trailed off a bit, “I suppose I should explain myself before we kill you all.”

Stacy burst into tears in Henry’s arms, emotional and hurt by the cold, cruel behavior of her Uncle. That’s right, this psycho is part of Stacy’s family. Until that night, none of us ever knew he was like this. He just seemed like a normal, douchebag cop.

“Stacy, it’s okay. Your father will get a much less bizarre answer when he asks what happened to you. I promise.”

“Why are you doing this!?” She sniffle and sobbed, glaring through teardrops.

“Well if you’d shut up for a moment, maybe I’ll get to that!” Hendricks slammed his hands on the arms of his chair, sending another loud echoing noise through the whole room. Stacy shut up abruptly.

“Now, who’s ready?”

“Yes Hendricks; tell us.” Jay demanded.

“Please, Jay. Call me Tim.”

“Bur your name is Hubert…” Stacy mumbled.

“Excuse me little missy, that was the name my dirt bag mother gave me. I changed it years later, and for good reason!” He slammed his hands on the chair again. I was getting tired of this by now.

“Please just tell us.” I sighed in annoyance.

“Okay!”

He smiled and put the needle in his coat pocket. He rubbed is hands together, and adjusted his sleeves. This guy was a real nutcase.

“Okay,” He repeated, “Who believes in power?”

We all didn’t answer.

“Hello, anybody home? That’s okay, I know you’re all shaking in your boots at the sight of me. I’m too much, right?”

We remained silent.

“Power. It sits inside all of us, some more than others. My friends and I have developed a way to convert that power into an energy one can harness, and place inside a new host. Guess who that host is these days?”

He turned his thumbs on himself, and mouthed ‘This guy’. Again, nutcase.

“What friends?” Jay asked confidently.

“My wonderful, technologically advanced friends from out of town.” He laughed at his own awful sense of humor.

“Again, Tim, what friends?” Jay insisted.

“Have you not figured that out yet, really? God dammit, they’re aliens.”

Even though I had already silently confirmed this, it still chilled my bones again. To hear it from him was just a whole new monster in itself.

“Aliens aren’t real.” Jay stated plainly.

“Of course they are, I assure you. Only these ones have lived on this planet for longer than we have. They’ve been among us for centuries. Almighty master, bless them!” Tim clasped his hands together.

Almighty master? Centuries of aliens walking among us? I became flustered all of a sudden.

“Almighty master?” Jay shook his head.

“Never mind that, let’s get down to business.”

We gasped and spread ourselves out a bit.

“Business?” Henry gulped.

“Out of my way kids, I’m already late in taking care of this. Be quiet, and step aside.”

“No!” Jay lunged at Tim shoulder first.

The psychopathic cop grabbed Jay effortlessly, disarming him of motion and holding him in place.

“Hmm, poor Jay. You try so hard. You have leadership abilities, but it’s simply not backed up by any real strength to follow through with. Well, maybe a nap will get you back up to standards.” Tim pulled the needle out of his pocket, as Jay squirmed and we all screamed out loud. The needle entered Jay’s neck without further ado. Jay’s squirms rapidly turned into flailing, and then his eyes drooped and he fell limp. Tim then tossed him aside. He looked at us with a relaxed grin, no affection behind his cold eyes.

“Oh. I almost forgot you were all watching. No worries – it’s a safe new drug. It actually makes sure his brain has nice, calm dreams to keep his aura clean while he sleeps. It’s a very peaceful thing really.”

“You crazy mother-” Stacy started pulling away from Henry to get at Tim, but henry held her back firmly.

“Crazy? Ha, my beautiful, spunky niece. I’m not crazy, I’ve just been enlightened by a better race of beings. They know me and I know them. I know all. The power they’ve bestowed upon me, has made me the most powerful man in the world. I can do anything I want. My friends work for me and build for me. It’s flattering, actually.” He smirked again, and looked off into nothing, eyes smiling with the rest of his face.

“You’re a lunatic, just let us go!” I screamed.

“Oh. I almost forgot again!” He reached into his pocket, ignoring my desperate cries.

He pulled out another needle, and approached Charlie. All we could do was hopelessly watch as he approached him with a sinister look on his face. I was speechless now. The needle entered our friend’s neck, and he instantly closed his eyes. Poor Charlie couldn’t fight at all; he had lost too much strength already.

Tim Hendricks wasted no time, reaching down and pressing a button on the box below him. The wires around Charlie’s chair began glowing and vibrating.

“I’m so thankful for this knockout drug,” Tim stated, “I got so sick of him screaming for help. Such an annoying, desperate scream. For what? Nobody is going to save any of you.”

So cold, so unaffected by his surrounding peers. He’s in his own alien world. I turned to Henry and Stacy. They were looking at me, probably expecting me to get us out of this mess. I looked toward the door to the right of us that Hendricks had emerged from. No, that’s no way out. I turned to the door we had entered from. Maybe, if we ran fast enough, we’d be able to make it out in time. But what about Jay? There’s no telling how long it would take him to wake up.

I saw Henry sneakily check his phone for service. He looked at me, and lightly shook his head, confirming to me that we were truly alone out here. Surely, I was feeling helpless.

“So!” Tim called out excitedly, “Who’s going to be next?”

I thought quickly, then I surprised myself.

“Nobody.” I reached into my pocket and pulled out my phone, and tossed it at Tim’s head with great force. It hit him between the eyes with a thud.”

“AAAAH, owwww! Fuck! You little shit!” He screamed with his hand over the spot of impact.

During this free moment, I gestured to Henry and Stacy to run. They obliged with a quick start, hand in hand. Unfortunately, they didn’t make it to the door. A burst of light shot from the ceiling over head. It illuminated the room all around, and sparks shot from Charlie’s bed. Wait, no…they shot from Charlie’s body!

“Noooo!” I strained out a cry of denial, shielding my eyes from the light as I watched the hairs burn off of Charlie. His skin began to droop practically off his body. I now noticed that Charlie had wires going under his clothes. As his skin shriveled, I saw that they were under his skin too. I puked abruptly, all over the floor in front of me.

Henry and Stacy had stopped and saw this too. They were both crying. Then, just as quickly as it had started, the lights disappeared and the sparks ceased. Tim clicked the box off next to Charlie, still holding his forehead. Blood dripped around his fingers and down his face. He looked up at us, frowning but eyes gleaming with satisfaction.

“Well, that one is fried.”

I puked again. Tim scoffed down at me with disgust.

“Gross,” He said, “All over my living room floor.”

I sat up and started crawling back away from him.

“You…you bastard. You killed him!” I started sobbing.

“I didn’t kill him. You don’t understand. None of you do. Don’t get me wrong, he is very dead. Still, I can’t get over the feeling that I’m actually saving you all. I’m saving you from your pointless existence. None of you will amount to anything. You will never be as great as me. So, why live?” He snickered and smiled again.

“You’re sick Hendricks, very sick.”

“Yes, I’m just throwing up power everywhere I go.”

Suddenly, the door to the left swung open with a banging abruptness. We all turned to see who had entered.

There, in front of Stacy and Henry, stood a man, about 6 feet tall. It was a man, but of a different kind. He lacked a nose or ears. He wore a blue lab coat and high brown boots. His limbs were skinny. Most strange of all? His hair was made of wires. I gasped, voice trapped deep within my body. I could never find the words to speak in front of this unusual being.

“Doctor!” Tim perked up when he realized who had entered the hangar.

“Hello, Tim. I just wanted to let you know…”

The creature stopped speaking when he saw Charlie’s charred, drooping corpse. It’s eyes went wide, and then squinty with fury. He turned to Hendricks.

“I thought I asked you not to go too far with this one!”

“I’m sorry Doctor, I just can’t help myself. I hunger for the rush, the resulting energy, and the power!”

Hendricks shoulders dropped, like he was punished. I think this ‘Doctor’ might be Hendricks’ superior…

“Mr. Tim, I understand. Still, we need the specimens for research. I’ll cut your funding if you keep it up.”

It turned toward me with beady, cold, emotionless eyes. He observed me on the floor, and Stacy and Henry as if he just noticed that we were there.

“Oh Doctor, these three just crawled in from the woods. I have good plans for them. You won’t be disappointed again.”

Hendricks smiled faintly. He seemed worried that he would be harmed in some way. If not by the doctor’s words, by some use of force.

“You’re using my equipment. If you abuse your position…well, let’s just say I know how to use these machines better than you do. Dispose of that body in the pit, and I better not see another one any time soon!”

With that, he flipped his coat with a turning start, and stormed out the door without another comment. He slammed the door with a crashing clang. Everyone was silent for a good minute, but Hendricks couldn’t hold his tongue.

“One of you rats are gonna have to cooperate for me. Production is slow, I need results!”

“That’s your own damned fault, asshole!” I screamed, “You got yourself into this mess. Let us go before it gets any worse!”

“You don’t understand. You really don’t.”

I shook my head, as I watched Tim begin unhooking Charlie’s remains from the bed. I couldn’t keep my eyes on him though, as I felt choked up and helpless. Instead, I looked at Jay’s motionless body on the floor and started brainstorming a way out of the building. All I could think of was the hallway, from where we entered the hangar. Jay started to stir. My eyes widened. I couldn’t believe it. That was quick.

“Psst…” Stacy directed at me.

I turned to her. She pointed at Jay. I nodded, confirming that I was aware of his awakening. I eyed him, as he slowly began regaining consciousness. I had to think fast.

Hendricks began tucking Charlie’s corpse into his arms, and I wondered where he would go with it. To my dismay, he started carrying him toward the hallway I was planning on dipping out of. He carefully opened the door, and shuffled on out, leaving the door clanging shut.

“Jay!” I seethed to my friend.

He looked up at me, eyes still glossed over from the drug in his blood.

“Wha-what happened?” He stammered.

We all got up and approached him on the floor. Henry and Stacy helped him to his feet. I was not going to begin explaining what had just happened.

“We’ll tell you everything when we get the hell out of here, Jay.”

“How are we going to do that?” He asked me, dusting himself off from his time out on the floor.

“I don’t know. That psychopath just left out of the hallway we came in. I don’t wanna chance a close quarters encounter that way.”

I looked around some more. The upper levels of the room lead to a steel bridge with a doorway at the end. I didn’t want to be fearful, but I wanted to take a guess. The only thing holding me back was not wanting to lead my friends into danger. I couldn’t handle the thought of anyone else ending up like Charlie…

“Hey, snap out of it!” Stacy snapped her fingers in my face.

I came to, realizing I had spaced out yet again, trapped in tantalizing thoughts.

“I’m sorry, I…”

“It’s okay,” Jay placed his hand on my shoulder, I think to reassure me, “I understand. This is not an ideal situation. I’m feeling weak in the mind right now, but… I also know we have to get out of here.”

I stared at him, eyes wide and scanning his face. He didn’t need to say anymore. I’ve been designated to make the next choice, to get us out of this mess. To save my friends.

“What if I make a choice, and it’s the wrong one? I’ll feel like a murderer if I lead you all to your deaths…”

“I’m telling you now, none of us will blame you.” Jay was serious, and final with his words. It was time to move…

Stacy and Henry took each other’s hand, and Jay and stood shoulder to shoulder with them as I began walking to the staircase. We were going to take the upper level. The clanging of the steps stresses me out, but Jay’s words rang through me head. It kept me pressing on. I was leading the way, ready to find us a way out.

We got to the top faster than expected. We must have rushed our way up, but it didn’t matter. Nothing was stopping us.

The central bridge was approaching. We turned onto it and followed it all the way to the end. Ahead of us now stood a double door way. It was rusty, but I could tell it used to be a deep gray color. A rectangular outline on the left door made me think there probably used to be a sign on it, but it was clearly gone now.

“Think this is our shot?” Henry whispered to me.

“I don’t know.” I couldn’t lie. I felt nothing more than fearful adrenaline. I was blindly pressing on.

I reached for the handles of the doors and wrapped my fingers tightly on them. I didn’t want to hesitate. I don’t want to wait at all. I yanked them open.

We blinked. There was a wall. A flat, gray wall.

“No.” I said dumbly.

I began to feel around, hoping to find a seam, or button or anything at all to get through it. It was no use. My heart began racing. The blood poured angrily through my veins, frustrated that I had failed to find an exit. Instead, I’ve lead my best friends to a dead end. A cold, dead, gray end.

“Pretty funny, huh?” A voice sneered from behind us.

My jaw dropped and we all swung around. There, looking mischievous as always, stood Tim Hendricks. His arms were covered in dirt, and blood. His eyes were glossy, black, and beady, staring at us with a smirk of malevolence.

“Hendricks, um uh….” I stuttered.

I was stupefied. If there was any ounce of leadership in my bones, it was now dormant. I had no idea what to do.

“Kids, I think we all know how this is going to end. If you would give up and come with me quietly, it would be much appreciated.” He gave a little muttered laugh.

There was an awkward moment of silence. We all stood and stared at each other.

“Come on!” Tim shouted.

Without thinking, all four us ran shoulder first at the corrupt cop, knocking him flat on his back. We piled past him, shoes squeaking and clanging across the steel beneath us. My eyes were frantically darting for another way out now, scanning each direction the upper level could take.

There. To the right. I didn’t notice it before, but there was a balcony within jumping distance. Behind it lay a door. It was our only real chance besides going back the way we came. Which way was the right way?

“Guys, right or down?!” I yelled.

Without waiting for a response, I turned right. To my surprise, they kept running.

I stopped.

“Guys?!” I shouted again.

Jay stopped and turned.

“I don’t wanna leave the decision on you this time, we’re all running for our lives. Just follow or go!” He turned and continued back down the staircase.

I looked to my right, as Hendricks foot steps began to clang behind me. That’s it I thought, no more chances. I’m sticking to my friends. I darted after them, Hendricks in tow.

I caught up to them as they slowed to a jog. The door we had entered through lay just ahead, practically gleaming like a light at the end of a dark tunnel. Hopefully.

BANG! The door slammed open, just as Henry was reaching for it.

“OW!” He cried out, stumbling to the side and grabbing his wrist.

“Henry!” Stacy ran to his side.

Jay and I had no time to react. What stood in front of us, sent a shock right through our bodies.

It was the doctor – the very creature who had scolded Hendricks earlier. Behind him, crowding the hall, stood many other smaller humanoid beings. Some stood normal adult height, others looked like normal humans. They pushed into the room, surrounding us.

“Hello, young folks.” said the doctor in a calm voice.

We did not respond. Jay and I looked around us. I could not believe my eyes. Some of these people were familiar.

“Mrs. Carter?” Jay gasped. It was our old English teacher from sophomore year, standing directly across from us.

“Hi, kids!” She said smiling.

“This is screwed up Jay, we have to find a way out of here.” I tried shaking myself awake, but this was no nightmare. It was a living hell.

Stacy and Henry were motionless behind the circle of people, looking at Jay and I with horrified expressions. After a strange momentary silence from everyone, the doctor spoke.

“Well, this has gone on long enough.”

Hendricks approached from behind us.

“You’ve met my friends,” he snickered, “They’ve been watching our chase from the control room. You see, you’re never safe. This was always meant to end in my favor.”

“ENOUGH!” The doctor boomed, causing my heart to skip a beat.

“Sorry sir, how should we take care of these four now?”

“I don’t care. Just get me their energy. Route it right to my father’s chambers. I’m sure he’ll be very pleased.”

My face must have twisted to another deep level of fear, because the doctor looked right at me and spoke again.

“Oh child, don’t bother being scared. Your existence will no longer matter in the following moments. This is the end of the road for you and your friends.”

The circle of people began to close in. That’s when I noticed them. There, in the furthest end of the crowd were my parents.

“M…Mom? Dad?”

“Hey, sweetie.” My mom did not smile. She merely cracked a smirk that I knew as her bored expression.

The circle opened to reveal them to me some more. They were in their normal day attire, hair and faces neat and prim.

“What the fuck is going on here?!”

My tear ducts were damned, causing my face to twitch as it held back the waterworks – a mix of anger, sadness, and fear that had all built up through the night. Jay, Stacy, and Henry were all speechless. Their parents were not present, but all eyes were on me as I took in the confusing situation.

My dad stepped forward.

“I’m so sorry. We wanted you to stay away from here. We didn’t want you or your friends to end up in this…awkward position.”

“Awkward? Fucking awkward? Charlie is dead! These people want the rest of us dead too. You’re going to let this happen?”

“Listen. It’s nothing personal.” My mom stated coldly.

“You’re our blood. The Almighty Master may share your energy with us this time.”

Nothing personal. Almighty Master.

“Mom…Dad…I’m your son!”

Suddenly, my arms and hands were apprehended by some aliens from the crowd. Stacy, Henry, and Jay were all grabbed as well. They were screaming for help, but my eyes would not peel away from my parents.

“I’m your son!” I screamed again. No response.

I couldn’t help it. I pulled one of my kidnappers’ hands up to my face, and sank my teeth down into their palm.

“AAAH!” The being screeched aloud.

“Stop that one!” Hendricks seethed.

I was already headed up the stairs to the upper level. The sounds of my shoes clanging against the steel practically muffled the cries of my friends beneath me, screaming for help. Maybe from me, or maybe to no one in particular, but I couldn’t stop. Some unknown fear inside me compelled me to get away. I knew we would all end up spread out at some point. I was just leading the way, right? They would soon follow, right?

I could see it again, the balcony in jumping distance. It had to be a way out. It had to be.

I grasped the railing from where I was, and swung myself across. My body cracked against the double doors and I stumbled backwards, but I kept my footing. I wasted no time as I opened the doors in front of me.

A long winding corridor stretched out beyond me. Again, it was dimly lit, this time by many bulbs along the length of the ceiling. As I followed the walls without hesitation, taking each turn with barely a cautionary stall, I began panting.

I never realized it, but I was becoming very tired. My muscles ached and pulsated like the throats of frogs, swelling and deflating over and over. Only thing is, I didn’t plan on croaking anytime soon.

My frantic running slowed to a jog. How long was the damned hallway?

I was answered by a doorway up ahead. This one was a glistening chrome surface, smooth and twinkling as if it were freshly scrubbed, waxed, and shined.

Again, without thinking twice about it, I swung the door open.

BZZT.

“What…?!” I gasped as a gust of wind, accompanied by a furiously bright light, smacked me with a wave of surprise. I shielded my eyes quickly. It was so bright, I could feel it through my eyelids.

I waited for what felt like minutes on end to reopen my eyes, and then I finally did. The light had ceased gladly, but I kept one hand close to my face just incase. Then, I began looking around the room. Wait a second. No, not a room. I was outside! I was standing on a rooftop. My heart began to race. That means I had made it out! But, hold on…I was not alone.

“Shit!” I whispered aloud.

The large disc-like craft from earlier sat quietly whirring ahead of me. The same shiny gloss from the door behind me made up the entire surface of the alien ship. It had multiple circle windows around the top part and a few lights unlit around the bottom half.

“Unbelievable…” I mumbled.

There had to be somebody on board. It was running. It sounded like a car sitting idle. This was no earthly, personal vehicle though.

I looked around and noticed a large wooden crate off to the left of me. That would be my cover until I figure out what to do from here I thought. I quietly tip toed over and ducked down behind it. I couldn’t believe the situation at this point. Here I was, hiding behind a crate on a rooftop, of a building occupied by alien creatures, and crazy people. Officer Hendricks, my parents, my old teacher. I mean, what the hell was going on? I wondered what my friends were doing. Had they gotten away? Would I find them when I get out of this mess?

BANG! The shiny chrome colored door flew open. My heart skipped a beat. Who was it?

I could hear two voices, male and female. They were talking frantically back and forth. I had to sneak a peek, and figure out who had followed in my tracks to this alien landing zone. I took a deep breath, and stuck my head out just a bit.

“Stacy! Henry!” I whispered loudly, my voice rasping, straining to still keep quiet.

They turned to look at me, eyes widening with smiling surprise.

“There you are!” Stacy cried out, also straining her voice with a hushed hoarseness.

Her and Henry shuffled over hurriedly, stooping down to join me.

“I ran as far as I could to escape those things, but I don’t know where to go from here.” I explained.

“I don’t know either, but I’ve had it up to here with this bullshit.” Henry shook his head and put his hand on his forehead, displaying stress and discomfort.

“Well, there has to be a way off this roof. We’re gonna find out. Where’s Jay?” I looked at them both, as their faces fell to a solemn lowness.

“Oh…” Stacy turned away a bit, “I’m sorry he…”

“They got him.” I said. It was a statement, not a question.

They both nodded.

“No…no.” I stood up, hands and head shaking, “No! Shit, it’s my fault!”

“No it’s not!” Stacy shouted, “Don’t say that! And sit down, they’re gonna find us.”

“I should’ve been there, I should’ve…” My voice trailed off.

My devastation finally took its toll. The waterworks were brewing like a pot of bad coffee. My body was rejecting my own feelings. I couldn’t handle it anymore. I was bitter – toward myself.

“Stop crying, it’s not gonna help matters. Not to degrade him post-mortem…but this was Charlie’s idea.” Henry tried sounding final, but I wouldn’t take it.

“Henry, we all decided to follow…”

Stacy cut me off, “Then it’s everybody’s fault. Get over yourself!”

My jaw dropped. She was probably right. I was taking it to heart. Jay and Charlie were gone. This isn’t about me. It was about everybody. I kneeled back down.

“You guys are right. I’m sorry. Let’s just get out of here.”

“How?” Henry asked.

I looked around us. Besides the giant craft, the crate, and us, this roof was empty. I turned my attention to the edge of the roof. There wasn’t a lip on the edge; the roof was flat on every side and every corner. It was concrete. But what was over the edge?

I stood up and walked to the edge and looked down. Below me was a forest floor. Trees surrounded us but they were too far to reach from the rooftop. Along the walls there wasn’t a ladder or anything else to climb down with. We were at least two stories off the ground.

“What do you see?” Stacy asked.

“Nothing. I don’t know what we’re going to do.”

Just then, the idle whirring from before became louder. It startled me and I turned around.

“Holy shit, the hatch is opening!” Henry yelled to me.

No way, I thought. I kneeled back down behind the crate. We all watched in astonishment as the large hatch door began to open up on the bottom surface of the alien ship.

“Oh my God, what’s gonna come outta there?!” Stacy wondered out loud.

With a loud hissing sound the hatch came down. There were no stairs or anything, no slope, so I didn’t expect anything to come walking down. Maybe it would come floating out.

Then came the vacuum sound. A loud rushing windy noise, with a suction effect like that of a vacuum cleaner. I watched as leaves, dust, and dirt began to recede up into the ship.

“You’re kidding me!” I gasped.

“What?!” Stacy and Henry said at the same time.

“Guys…grab onto something. Now!”

But, there wasn’t anything. The rooftop was bare except for the crate and The crate sat loosely atop the roof.

We latched onto the crate, and I hoped it was heavy enough not to move.

“What’s going on?!” Henry screamed.

“Don’t let go!” I shouted.

BZZT! There was a flash of light and electricity as the suction sound got louder. I could feel it now. I tightened my grip, but I could the feel the crate moving.

“It’s trying to take us in!” Stacy cried out, scared shitless.

Henry and I were just as frightened. I felt the crate sliding inches at a time, us with it.

“Hold on guys, we’re going into the craft with it. We can’t get out of this one.”

“Fuck that!” Henry rejected my advice as he let go of the crate, but he had no time to run. I watched in horror as his feet were swept out from under him, and he was dragged through the air toward the ship.

“Henry! No!” Stacy screamed in desperation.

There was no use. We watched as he was sucked straight up underneath.

“No!” Stacy’s voiced cracked as she shouted and plead for Henry.

“It’s too late. We’re gonna end up in there too Stacy, I’m sorry. This could be it. I’m so sorry I…”

With a pop, the suction got even stronger.

“Shit…” I thought out loud.

Suddenly, Stacy, the crate, and I were all viciously dragged across the roof and into the ship.

“AAAAAH!” We screamed the whole way.

Smack! My head cracked off the side of the hatch. I didn’t even see it coming. I blacked out.

I don’t know how long it was before I came to, but I woke up before my eyes opened. I heard a loud bickering from somewhere close by.

“No master, I don’t know. Three did get away, but we may have enough energy already. This planet will be all yours!”

A deep, booming, gravely voice came next.

“You weak, weak scum. There is no explaining your way out of this one. You’ve failed me again. First you killed the old man and those children before you could bring them to me. Then you nearly destroyed the equipment with that teenaged waste of space…”

“His energy level was enough to finish this…” the voice stammered.

“Do you understand me Hubert!? I am not satisfied!”

“I…I…I’m sorry master.”

“You’re no longer of use to me.”

“Please, it won’t happen again!”

“You’re right.”

There was a loud crunch, and a squishing sound. It continued into a rushing of drips and splashes. Then, there was silence.

I couldn’t see a thing. Wherever I was, only feet away from that horrendous conversation I just witnessed, it was pitch black. I reached my arms out to feel where I was. It felt like a box of some sort. A box big enough to give me room to move, but a claustrophobic space nonetheless. My head was pounding too. It took me a moment to remember I had smacked my head off the ship as it had aggressively pulled me in. I grabbed at my forehead and groaned. Yep, it was painful. I shifted myself uncomfortably.

CLANG! I jumped.

The “master” was moving around now. I wondered what was going to happen next. Was I going to die? I really didn’t know. What was he doing out there?

“It’s okay young one, keep quiet.”

“No no, please. Please! No!” Stacy begged, and cried.

Shit, he had Stacy out there!

“Stop! You useless little girl!”

SMACK! I heard the sound of a hand across a soft cheek.

“Uggh, ow!” Stacy screamed even louder.

“You’re useless to me. Weak, weak, WEAK!”

CRUNCH!

“No…” I covered my mouth.

The dripping and pouring I now recognized as blood followed the clear crunch of bones. This was it. Hendricks, and Stacy were both dead. If Henry wasn’t already dead…

This “master”, who or whatever he is, clearly finds us weak. What he seemingly does to us weaklings…I couldn’t even think about it. My stomach was turning.

I can still hear him out there. He clicked buttons, opened drawers, mumbles to himself and paces back and forth. I’ve managed to write this to you all on my phone, from inside this box. I don’t know where I am, or even if I am still on that space ship out in the woods. Last I knew, I had escaped the inside of a crazy, alien run warehouse of some sort in the middle of the woods in Wareham, MA. Don’t come find me. Don’t even go out into the bogs here. I would even suggest to you, avoid Wareham altogether.

Shit. My phone is dying.

“Are you moving in there, child?”

He heard me shift inside here. This is it. I’m about to die. Well, my parents won’t miss me. My friends are dead. So I guess I don’t care that this is it. This is the end.

The box lock clattered and clanged, I could feel the air in my lungs swirling like fire ants marching inside me. My eyes began to water. Then, click.

The box swung open.



